---
page_title: "pingone_agreement Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve details of an agreement configured in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_agreement (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve details of an agreement configured in a PingOne environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_agreement" "example_by_name" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  name = "foo"
}

data "pingone_agreement" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  agreement_id = var.agreement_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that is configured with the agreement.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `agreement_id` (String) The ID of the agreement to retrieve. Either `agreement_id`, or `name` can be used to retrieve the agreement localization, but cannot be set together.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the agreement to retrieve. Either `agreement_id`, or `name` can be used to retrieve the agreement localization, but cannot be set together.

### Read-Only

- `consent_counts_updated_at` (String) The date and time the consent user count metrics were last updated. This value is typically updated once every 24 hours.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the agreement.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The current enabled state of the agreement.
- `expired_user_consent_count` (Number) The number of users who have consented to the agreement, but their consent has expired. This value is last calculated at the `consent_counts_updated_at` time.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `reconsent_period_days` (Number) A number that specifies the number of days until a consent to this agreement expires.
- `total_user_consent_count` (Number) The total number of users who have consented to the agreement. This value is last calculated at the `consent_counts_updated_at` time.
