---
page_title: "pingone_credential_type Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Neo (Verifiable Credentials)"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve a PingOne Credentials credential type by its Credential Type Id.
---

# pingone_credential_type (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve a PingOne Credentials credential type by its Credential Type Id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_credential_type" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id     = var.environment_id
  credential_type_id = var.credential_type_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credential_type_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) associated with the credential type.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `environment_id` (String) PingOne environment identifier (UUID) in which the credential type exists.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Read-Only

- `card_design_template` (String) An SVG formatted image containing placeholders for the credentials fields that need to be displayed in the image.
- `card_type` (String) A descriptor of the credential type. Can be non-identity types such as proof of employment or proof of insurance.
- `description` (String) A description of the credential type.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) An object that contains the names, data types, and other metadata related to the credentia (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `title` (String) Title of the credential.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `background_image` (String) A base64 encoded image of the background to show in the credential.
- `bg_opacity_percent` (Number) Percent opacity of the background image in the credential.
- `card_color` (String) Color to show on the credential.
- `columns` (Number) Number of columns to organize the fields displayed on the credential.
- `description` (String) Description of the credential.
- `fields` (Attributes List) Array of objects representing the credential fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--fields))
- `logo_image` (String) A base64 encoded image of the logo to show in the credential.
- `name` (String) Name of the credential.
- `text_color` (String) Color of the text to show on the credential.
- `version` (Number) Version of this credential.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.fields`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) Name of the PingOne Directory attribute. Present if field.type is Directory Attribute.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the field formatted as “<fields.type> -> <fields.title>.
- `is_visible` (Boolean) Specifies whether the field should be visible to viewers of the credential.
- `title` (String) Descriptive text when showing the field.
- `type` (String) Type of data in the field.
- `value` (String) The text to appear on the credential for a field.type of Alphanumeric Text.
