---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_credential_issuance_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve a PingOne Credentials credential issuance rule for the specified credential type.
---

# pingone_credential_issuance_rule (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve a PingOne Credentials credential issuance rule for the specified credential type.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_credential_issuance_rule" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id              = var.environment_id
  credential_type_id          = var.credential_type_id
  credential_issuance_rule_id = var.credential_issuance_rule_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credential_issuance_rule_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) of the credential issuance rule.
- `credential_type_id` (String) The ID of the credential type with which this credential issuance rule is associated.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to retrieve the credential issuance rule.

### Read-Only

- `automation` (Attributes) Contains a list of actions, as key names, and the update method for each action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automation))
- `digital_wallet_application_id` (String) The ID of the digital wallet application correlated to the credential issuance rule.
- `filter` (Attributes) Contains one and only one filter (.groupIds, .populationIds, or .scim) that selects the users to which the credential issuance rule applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `notification` (Attributes) Contains notification information. When this property is supplied, the information within is used to create a custom notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification))
- `status` (String) ACTIVE or DISABLED status of the credential issuance rule.

<a id="nestedatt--automation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automation`

Read-Only:

- `issue` (String) The method the service uses to issue credentials with the credential issuance rule. Can be PERIODIC or ON_DEMAND.
- `revoke` (String) The method the service uses to revoke credentials with the credential issuance rule. Can be PERIODIC or ON_DEMAND.
- `update` (String) The method the service uses to update credentials with the credential issuance rule. Can be PERIODIC or ON_DEMAND.


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Read-Only:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) Array of one or more identifiers (UUIDs) of groups, any of which a user must belong for the credential issuance rule to apply.
- `population_ids` (Set of String) Array of one or more identifiers (UUIDs) of populations, any of which a user must belong for the credential issuance rule to apply.
- `scim` (String) A SCIM query that selects users to which the credential issuance rule applies.


<a id="nestedatt--notification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification`

Optional:

- `template` (Attributes) Contains template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification--template))

Read-Only:

- `methods` (Set of String) Array of methods for notifying the user; can be EMAIL, SMS, or both.

<a id="nestedatt--notification--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification.template`

Read-Only:

- `locale` (String) The ISO 2-character language code used for the notification; for example, en.
- `variant` (String) The unique user-defined name for the content variant that contains the message text used for the notification.


