---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_credentials_credential_type Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data to retrieve a PingOne Credentials credential type by its Credential Type Id. The credentialtypeid is the only parameter to ensure a single credential is retrieved.
---

# pingone_credentials_credential_type (Data Source)

Data to retrieve a PingOne Credentials credential type by its Credential Type Id. The credential_type_id is the only parameter to ensure a single credential is retrieved.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the credential type in.

### Optional

- `credential_type_id` (String) The ID of the credential type.

### Read-Only

- `card_design_template` (String) A string that specifies an SVG formatted image containing placeholders for the credential fields that need to be displayed in the image.
- `card_type` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `title` (String) A string that specifies the title of the credential. Verification sites are expected to be able to request the issued credential from the compatible wallet app using the credential title.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--fields))

Read-Only:

- `background_image` (String)
- `bg_opacity_percent` (Number) A numnber containing the percent opacity of the background image in the credential. High percentage opacity may make displayed text difficult to read.
- `card_color` (String) A string containing a 6-digit hexadecimal color code specifying the color of the credential.
- `description` (String)
- `logo_image` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `text_color` (String) A string containing a 6-digit hexadecimal color code specifying the color of the credential text.
- `version` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.fields`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_visible` (Boolean)
- `title` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)


