---
page_title: "pingone_custom_role Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a custom administrator role in an environment, by ID or name.
---

# pingone_custom_role (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve a custom administrator role in an environment, by ID or name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_custom_role" "example_by_name" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  name = "foo"
}

data "pingone_custom_role" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  role_id = var.role_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that is configured with the custom role.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the custom role to retrieve configuration for. Exactly one of `name` or `role_id` must be defined.
- `role_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the role to retrieve configuration for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID. Exactly one of `name` or `role_id` must be defined.

### Read-Only

- `applicable_to` (Set of String) The scope types to which the role can be applied. Supported values are `ENVIRONMENT`, `ORGANIZATION`, and `POPULATION`.
- `can_assign` (Attributes Set) A relationship that specifies if an actor is assigned the current custom role for a jurisdiction, then the actor can assign any of this set of roles to another actor for the same jurisdiction or sub-jurisdiction. This capability is derived from the `can_be_assigned_by` property. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--can_assign))
- `can_be_assigned_by` (Attributes Set) A relationship that determines whether a user assigned to one of this set of roles for a jurisdiction can assign the current custom role to another user for the same jurisdiction or sub-jurisdiction. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--can_be_assigned_by))
- `description` (String) The description of the role.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `permissions` (Attributes Set) The set of permissions assigned to the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `type` (String) A value that indicates whether the role is a built-in role or a custom role. Options are `PLATFORM` and `CUSTOM`. This will always be `CUSTOM` for custom roles.

<a id="nestedatt--can_assign"></a>
### Nested Schema for `can_assign`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--can_be_assigned_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `can_be_assigned_by`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the role that can assign the current custom role.


<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the permission assigned to this role.
