---
page_title: "pingone_environment Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve details of a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_environment (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve details of a PingOne environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_environment" "example_by_name" {
  name = "foo"
}

data "pingone_environment" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to retrieve. Either `environment_id`, or `name` can be used to retrieve the environment, but cannot be set together.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the environment to retrieve. Either `environment_id`, or `name` can be used to retrieve the environment, but cannot be set together.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the environment.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `license_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of a valid license applied to the environment.
- `organization_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the PingOne organization tenant to which the environment belongs.
- `region` (String) The region the environment is created in.  Options are `AP`, `AU`, `CA`, `EU`, `NA`, `SG`.
- `services` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that specify the services that are enabled in the environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services))
- `solution` (String) The solution context of the environment.  Blank or null values indicate a custom, non-workforce solution context.  Valid options are `CUSTOMER`, `WORKFORCE` or no value for custom solution context.
- `type` (String) The type of the environment.  Options are `SANDBOX` for a development/testing environment and `PRODUCTION` for environments that require protection from deletion.

<a id="nestedatt--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services`

Read-Only:

- `bookmarks` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that specify custom bookmark links for the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--bookmarks))
- `console_url` (String) A custom console URL set for the service.  Generally used with services that are deployed separately to the PingOne SaaS service, such as `PingFederate`, `PingAccess`, `PingDirectory`, `PingAuthorize` and `PingCentral`.
- `tags` (Set of String) A set of tags applied upon environment creation.  Only configurable when the service `type` is `DaVinci`.  Options are `DAVINCI_MINIMAL`.
- `type` (String) The service type applied to the environment.  Valid options are `APIIntelligence`, `Authorize`, `Credentials`, `DaVinci`, `MFA`, `PingAccess`, `PingAuthorize`, `PingCentral`, `PingDirectory`, `PingFederate`, `PingID`, `PingID-v2`, `Risk`, `SSO`, `Verify`.

<a id="nestedatt--services--bookmarks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.bookmarks`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the bookmark name.
- `url` (String) A string that specifies the bookmark URL.
