---
page_title: "pingone_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Datasource to filter and retrieve multiple PingOne groups in an environment.
---

# pingone_groups (Data Source)

Datasource to filter and retrieve multiple PingOne groups in an environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_groups" "by_scim_filter" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  scim_filter = "(name eq \"My first group\") OR (name eq \"My second group\")"
}

data "pingone_groups" "by_data_filter" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  data_filters = [
    {
      name   = "name"
      values = ["My first group", "My second group"]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the environment to filter groups from.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

### Optional

- `data_filters` (Attributes List) Individual data filters to apply to the group selection.  Allowed attributes to filter: `id`, `name`, `population.id`, `externalId`.  At least one of the following must be defined: `scim_filter`, `data_filters`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_filters))
- `scim_filter` (String) A SCIM filter to apply to the group selection.  A SCIM filter offers the greatest flexibility in filtering groups.  The SCIM filter can use the following attributes: `id`, `name`, `population.id`, `externalId`.  At least one of the following must be defined: `scim_filter`, `data_filters`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ids` (List of String) The list of resulting IDs of groups that have been successfully retrieved and filtered.

<a id="nestedatt--data_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_filters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The attribute name to filter on.  Must be one of the following values: `id`, `name`, `population.id`, `externalId`.
- `values` (List of String) The possible values (case sensitive) of the attribute defined in the `name` parameter to filter.
