---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_organization Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve details of the active PingOne organization.
---

# pingone_organization (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve details of the active PingOne organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_organization" "example_by_id" {
  organization_id = var.organization_id
}

data "pingone_organization" "example_by_name" {
  name = var.organization_name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the organization to retrieve.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization to retrieve.

### Read-Only

- `base_url_agreement_management` (String) Helper attribute that provides an indication of the hostname of the Agreement Management endpoint.  This attribute does not update if a non-production PingOne organization is used, nor if a custom domain is configured in any environment.
- `base_url_api` (String) Helper attribute that provides an indication of the hostname of the API endpoint.  This attribute does not update if a non-production PingOne organization is used, nor if a custom domain is configured in any environment.
- `base_url_apps` (String) Helper attribute that provides an indication of the hostname of the Applications endpoint.  This attribute does not update if a non-production PingOne organization is used, nor if a custom domain is configured in any environment.
- `base_url_auth` (String) Helper attribute that provides an indication of the hostname of the Authentication endpoint.  This attribute does not update if a non-production PingOne organization is used, nor if a custom domain is configured in any environment.
- `base_url_console` (String) Helper attribute that provides an indication of the hostname of the Console endpoint.  This attribute does not update if a non-production PingOne organization is used, nor if a custom domain is configured in any environment.
- `base_url_orchestrate` (String) Helper attribute that provides an indication of the hostname of the Orchestration endpoint.  This attribute does not update if a non-production PingOne organization is used, nor if a custom domain is configured in any environment.
- `billing_connection_ids` (Set of String) The list of the BillingConnection resource IDs for the organization.
- `description` (String) The description of the organization.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The organization type. If the organization has any paid licenses, the type property value is set to `PAID`. Otherwise, the property value is set to `TRIAL`.  Internal organizations have a property value of `INTERNAL`.


