---
page_title: "pingone_population Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve a PingOne population in a PingOne environment, by ID or by name.
---

# pingone_population (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve a PingOne population in a PingOne environment, by ID or by name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_population" "example_by_name" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  name = "foo"
}

data "pingone_population" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  population_id = var.population_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that is configured with the population.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the population to retrieve configuration for. Exactly one of `name` or `population_id` must be defined.
- `population_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the population to retrieve configuration for. Must be a valid PingOne resource ID. Exactly one of `name` or `population_id` must be defined.

### Read-Only

- `alternative_identifiers` (Set of String) Alternative identifiers that can be used to search for populations besides `name`.
- `default` (Boolean) A boolean that indicates whether the population is the default population for the environment.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the population.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `password_policy` (Attributes) The object reference to the password policy resource applied to the population. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_policy))
- `password_policy_id` (String, Deprecated) A string that specifies the ID of the password policy applied to the population.
- `preferred_language` (String) The language locale for the population.
- `theme` (Attributes) The object reference to the theme resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--theme))
- `user_count` (Number) The number of users that belong to the population

<a id="nestedatt--password_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_policy`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the password policy that is used for this population. If absent, the environment's default is used.


<a id="nestedatt--theme"></a>
### Nested Schema for `theme`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the theme to use for the population.
