---
page_title: "pingone_risk_predictor Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Protect"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve a PingOne Risk Predictor.
---

# pingone_risk_predictor (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve a PingOne Risk Predictor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_risk_predictor" "example" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  name           = "Risk Predictor X"
}

data "pingone_risk_predictor" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id    = var.environment_id
  risk_predictor_id = var.risk_predictor_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to retrieve the risk predictor from.

### Optional

- `compact_name` (String) A string that specifies the unique name for the predictor for use in risk evaluation request/response payloads. The value must be alpha-numeric, with no special characters or spaces. This name is used in the API both for policy configuration, and in the Risk Evaluation response (under `details`).  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `risk_predictor_id`, `name`, `compact_name`.
- `name` (String) The name of the risk predictor.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `risk_predictor_id`, `name`, `compact_name`.
- `risk_predictor_id` (String) The ID of the risk predictor to retrieve.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `risk_predictor_id`, `name`, `compact_name`.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies the default configuration values for the risk predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default))
- `deletable` (Boolean) A boolean that indicates the PingOne Risk predictor can be deleted or not.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the risk predictor. Maximum length is 1024 characters.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `licensed` (Boolean) A boolean that indicates whether PingOne Risk is licensed for the environment.
- `predictor_adversary_in_the_middle` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Adversary-In-The-Middle (AitM) predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_adversary_in_the_middle))
- `predictor_anonymous_network` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Anonymous Network predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_anonymous_network))
- `predictor_bot_detection` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Bot Detection predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_bot_detection))
- `predictor_composite` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Composite predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_composite))
- `predictor_custom_map` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Custom Map predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map))
- `predictor_device` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Device predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_device))
- `predictor_email_reputation` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Email reputation predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_email_reputation))
- `predictor_geovelocity` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Geovelocity predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_geovelocity))
- `predictor_ip_reputation` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the IP reputation predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_ip_reputation))
- `predictor_traffic_anomaly` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Traffic Anomaly predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly))
- `predictor_user_location_anomaly` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the User Location Anomaly predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_user_location_anomaly))
- `predictor_user_risk_behavior` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the User Risk Behavior predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_user_risk_behavior))
- `predictor_velocity` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the Velocity predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_velocity))
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the risk predictor.

<a id="nestedatt--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default`

Read-Only:

- `result` (Attributes) A single nested object that contains the result assigned to the predictor if the predictor could not be calculated during the risk evaluation. If this field is not provided, and the predictor could not be calculated during risk evaluation, the behavior is: 1) If the predictor is used in an override, the override is skipped; 2) In the weighted policy, the predictor will have a `weight` of `0`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default--result))
- `weight` (Number) A number that specifies the default weight for the risk predictor. This value is used when the risk predictor is not explicitly configured in a policy.

<a id="nestedatt--default--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default.result`

Read-Only:

- `level` (String) The default result level.
- `type` (String) The default result type.



<a id="nestedatt--predictor_adversary_in_the_middle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_adversary_in_the_middle`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_domain_list` (Set of String) A set of domains that are ignored for the predictor results.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_anonymous_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_anonymous_network`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidr_list` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the allowed CIDR list.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_bot_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_bot_detection`

Read-Only:

- `include_repeated_events_without_sdk` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether to expand the range of bot activity that PingOne Protect can detect.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_composite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_composite`

Read-Only:

- `compositions` (Attributes List) A list of compositions of risk factors you want to use, and the condition logic that determines when or whether a risk factor is applied. The minimum number of compositions is 1 and the maximum number of compositions is 3. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_composite--compositions))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_composite--compositions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_composite.compositions`

Read-Only:

- `condition` (String) A string that specifies the condition logic for the composite risk predictor as applied to the service.
- `condition_json` (String) A string that specifies the condition logic for the composite risk predictor. The value must be a valid JSON string.
- `level` (String) A string that specifies the risk level for the composite risk predictor.



<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map`

Read-Only:

- `between_ranges` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the upper and lower bounds of ranges of values that apply to the attribute reference in `predictor_custom_map.contains`, that map to high, medium or low risk results. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges))
- `contains` (String) A string that specifies the attribute reference that contains the value to match in the custom map.  The attribute reference should come from either the incoming event (`${event.*}`) or the evaluation details (`${details.*}`).
- `ip_ranges` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes IP CIDR ranges of values that apply to the attribute reference in `predictor_custom_map.contains`, that map to high, medium or low risk results. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges))
- `string_list` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the string values that apply to the attribute reference in `predictor_custom_map.contains`, that map to high, medium or low risk results. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list))
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of custom map predictor.

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.between_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `high` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the upper and lower bounds of ranges that map to a High risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges--high))
- `low` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the upper and lower bounds of ranges that map to a Low risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges--low))
- `medium` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the upper and lower bounds of ranges that map to a Medium risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges--medium))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges--high"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.between_ranges.high`

Read-Only:

- `max_value` (Number) A number that specifies the maximum value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains`. This represents the upper bound of this risk result range.
- `min_value` (Number) A number that specifies the minimum value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains`. This represents the lower bound of this risk result range.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges--low"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.between_ranges.low`

Read-Only:

- `max_value` (Number) A number that specifies the maximum value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains`. This represents the upper bound of this risk result range.
- `min_value` (Number) A number that specifies the minimum value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains`. This represents the lower bound of this risk result range.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--between_ranges--medium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.between_ranges.medium`

Read-Only:

- `max_value` (Number) A number that specifies the maximum value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains`. This represents the upper bound of this risk result range.
- `min_value` (Number) A number that specifies the minimum value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains`. This represents the lower bound of this risk result range.



<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.ip_ranges`

Read-Only:

- `high` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the IP CIDR ranges that map to a High risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges--high))
- `low` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the IP CIDR ranges that map to a Low risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges--low))
- `medium` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the IP CIDR ranges that map to a Medium risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges--medium))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges--high"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.ip_ranges.high`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of String) A set of strings, in CIDR format, that describe the CIDR ranges that should evaluate against the value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains` for this risk result.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges--low"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.ip_ranges.low`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of String) A set of strings, in CIDR format, that describe the CIDR ranges that should evaluate against the value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains` for this risk result.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--ip_ranges--medium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.ip_ranges.medium`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of String) A set of strings, in CIDR format, that describe the CIDR ranges that should evaluate against the value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains` for this risk result.



<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.string_list`

Read-Only:

- `high` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the string values that map to a High risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list--high))
- `low` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the string values that map to a Low risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list--low))
- `medium` (Attributes) A single nested object that describes the string values that map to a Medium risk result. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list--medium))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list--high"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.string_list.high`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of String) A set of strings that should evaluate against the value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains` for this risk result.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list--low"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.string_list.low`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of String) A set of strings that should evaluate against the value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains` for this risk result.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_custom_map--string_list--medium"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_custom_map.string_list.medium`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of String) A set of strings that should evaluate against the value of the attribute named in `predictor_custom_map.contains` for this risk result.




<a id="nestedatt--predictor_device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_device`

Read-Only:

- `activation_at` (String) A string that represents a date on which the learning process for the device predictor should be restarted.  Can only be configured where the `detect` parameter is `NEW_DEVICE`. This can be used in conjunction with the fallback setting (`default.result.level`) to force strong authentication when moving the predictor to production. The date should be in an RFC3339 format. Note that activation date uses UTC time.
- `detect` (String) A string that represents the type of device detection to use.
- `should_validate_payload_signature` (Boolean) Relevant only for Suspicious Device predictors. A boolean that, if set to `true`, then any risk policies that include this predictor will require that the Signals SDK payload be provided as a signed JWT whose signature will be verified before proceeding with risk evaluation. You instruct the Signals SDK to provide the payload as a signed JWT by using the `universalDeviceIdentification` flag during initialization of the SDK, or by selecting the relevant setting for the `skrisk` component in DaVinci flows.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_email_reputation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_email_reputation`


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_geovelocity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_geovelocity`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidr_list` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the allowed CIDR list.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_ip_reputation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_ip_reputation`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidr_list` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the allowed CIDR list.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_traffic_anomaly`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A collection with a single rule to use for this traffic anomaly predictor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_traffic_anomaly.rules`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean to use the defined rule in the predictor.
- `interval` (Attributes) A single nested object that contains the fields used to define the timeframe to consider. The timeframe can be between 1 hour and 14 days. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly--rules--interval))
- `threshold` (Attributes) A single nested object that contains the fields used to define the risk thresholds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly--rules--threshold))
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of velocity algorithm to use.

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly--rules--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_traffic_anomaly.rules.interval`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of days or hours for the timeframe for tracking number of users on the device.
- `unit` (String) A string that specifies time unit for defining the timeframe for tracking number of users on the device.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_traffic_anomaly--rules--threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_traffic_anomaly.rules.threshold`

Read-Only:

- `high` (Number) A float that specifies the number of users during the defined timeframe that will be considered High risk.
- `medium` (Number) A float that specifies the number of users during the defined timeframe that will be considered Medium risk.




<a id="nestedatt--predictor_user_location_anomaly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_user_location_anomaly`

Read-Only:

- `days` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of days to apply to the predictor evaluation.
- `radius` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the radius to apply to the predictor evaluation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_user_location_anomaly--radius))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_user_location_anomaly--radius"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_user_location_anomaly.radius`

Read-Only:

- `distance` (Number) An integer that specifies the distance to apply to the predictor evaluation.
- `unit` (String) A string that specifies the unit of distance to apply to the predictor distance.



<a id="nestedatt--predictor_user_risk_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_user_risk_behavior`

Read-Only:

- `prediction_model` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the prediction model to apply to the predictor evaluation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_user_risk_behavior--prediction_model))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_user_risk_behavior--prediction_model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_user_risk_behavior.prediction_model`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the prediction model to apply to the predictor evaluation.



<a id="nestedatt--predictor_velocity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_velocity`

Read-Only:

- `by` (Set of String) A set of string values that specifies the attribute references that denote the subject of the velocity metric.
- `every` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the velocity algorithm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_velocity--every))
- `fallback` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the fallback strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_velocity--fallback))
- `measure` (String) A string value that specifies the type of measure to use for the predictor.
- `of` (String) A string value that specifies the attribute reference for the value to aggregate when calculating velocity metrics.
- `sliding_window` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the sliding window. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_velocity--sliding_window))
- `use` (Attributes) A single nested object that specifies options for the velocity algorithm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--predictor_velocity--use))

<a id="nestedatt--predictor_velocity--every"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_velocity.every`

Read-Only:

- `min_sample` (Number) An integer constant that specifies the minimum number of data points to use when sampling data.
- `quantity` (Number) An integer constant that specifies the quantity of time units to use when sampling data.
- `unit` (String) A string value that specifies the time unit to use when sampling data.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_velocity--fallback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_velocity.fallback`

Read-Only:

- `high` (Number) A float that specifies the high risk threshold.
- `medium` (Number) A float that specifies the medium risk threshold.
- `strategy` (String) A string value that specifies the type of fallback strategy algorithm to use.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_velocity--sliding_window"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_velocity.sliding_window`

Read-Only:

- `min_sample` (Number) An integer constant that specifies the minimum number of data points to use when sampling data over time.
- `quantity` (Number) An integer constant that specifies the quantity of time units to use when sampling data over time.
- `unit` (String) A string value that specifies the time unit to use when sampling data over time.


<a id="nestedatt--predictor_velocity--use"></a>
### Nested Schema for `predictor_velocity.use`

Read-Only:

- `high` (Number) A float that specifies the high risk threshold.
- `medium` (Number) A float that specifies the medium risk threshold.
- `type` (String) A string value that specifies the type of velocity algorithm to use.
