---
page_title: "pingone_role Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Datasource to read PingOne admin role data for a tenant.
---

# pingone_role (Data Source)

Datasource to read PingOne admin role data for a tenant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_role" "organisation_admin" {
  name = "Organization Admin"
}

data "pingone_role" "environment_admin" {
  name = "Environment Admin"
}

data "pingone_role" "identity_data_admin" {
  name = "Identity Data Admin"
}

data "pingone_role" "davinci_admin" {
  name = "DaVinci Admin"
}

data "pingone_role" "client_application_developer" {
  name = "Client Application Developer"
}

data "pingone_role" "identity_data_admin_ro" {
  name = "Identity Data Read Only"
}

data "pingone_role" "davinci_admin_ro" {
  name = "DaVinci Admin Read Only"
}

data "pingone_role" "role_by_id" {
  role_id = var.role_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the role to look up.  Options are `Client Application Developer`, `Configuration Read Only`, `DaVinci Admin`, `DaVinci Admin Read Only`, `Environment Admin`, `Identity Data Admin`, `Identity Data Read Only`, `Organization Admin`, `PingFederate Administrator`, `PingFederate Auditor`, `PingFederate Crypto Administrator`, `PingFederate Expression Administrator`, `PingFederate User Administrator`.  At least one of the following must be defined: `name`, `role_id`.
- `role_id` (String) The ID of the role to retrieve.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  At least one of the following must be defined: `name`, `role_id`.

### Read-Only

- `applicable_to` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the applicable scopes that the role can be assigned to.  Possible values are `ORGANIZATION`, `ENVIRONMENT`, `POPULATION` and `USER`.
- `description` (String) The description of the role.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `permissions` (Attributes Set) A set of strings that represent permissions that have been assigned to the role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `classifier` (String) A string that specifies the resource for which the permission is applicable.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the permission and what the permission enables.
- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the permission.
