---
page_title: "pingone_schema_attribute Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Data source to read PingOne schema attribute data.
---

# pingone_schema_attribute (Data Source)

Data source to read PingOne schema attribute data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_schema_attribute" "example_by_name" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  schema_id      = var.schema_id

  name = "email"
}

data "pingone_schema_attribute" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  schema_id      = var.schema_id

  attribute_id = var.attribute_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.
- `schema_id` (String) The ID of the schema the schema attribute belongs to.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

### Optional

- `attribute_id` (String) The ID of the schema attribute.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `attribute_id`, `name`.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.
- `name` (String) The system name of the schema attribute.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `name`, `attribute_id`.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description of the attribute.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the attribute such as 'T-shirt size'.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the attribute is enabled.
- `enumerated_values` (Attributes Set) A set of one or more enumerated values for the attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enumerated_values))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ldap_attribute` (String) The unique identifier for the LDAP attribute.
- `multivalued` (Boolean) Indicates whether the attribute has multiple values or a single one. Maximum number of values stored is 1,000.
- `regex_validation` (Attributes) A single object representation of the optional regular expression representation of this attribute. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regex_validation))
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the attribute is required.
- `schema_type` (String) The schema type of the attribute.
- `sub_attributes` (Attributes List) The list of sub-attributes of this attribute. Only `COMPLEX` attribute types can have sub-attributes, and only one-level of nesting is allowed. The leaf attribute definition must have a type of `STRING` or `JSON`. A `COMPLEX` attribute definition must have at least one child attribute definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sub_attributes))
- `type` (String) The type of the attribute.
- `unique` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the attribute must have a unique value within the PingOne environment.

<a id="nestedatt--enumerated_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enumerated_values`

Read-Only:

- `archived` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the enumerated value is archived. Archived values cannot be added to a user, but existing archived values are preserved. This allows clients that read the schema to know all possible values of an attribute.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the enumerated value.
- `value` (String) A string that specifies the value of the enumerated value item.


<a id="nestedatt--regex_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regex_validation`

Read-Only:

- `pattern` (String) A string that specifies the regular expression to which the attribute must conform.
- `requirements` (String) A string that specifies a developer friendly description of the regular expression requirements.
- `values_pattern_should_match` (Set of String) A set of one or more strings matching the regular expression.
- `values_pattern_should_not_match` (Set of String) A set of one or more strings that do not match the regular expression.


<a id="nestedatt--sub_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sub_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of the sub-attribute.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the sub-attribute.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the sub-attribute is enabled.
- `multivalued` (Boolean) Indicates whether the sub-attribute has multiple values or a single one.
- `name` (String) The system name of the sub-attribute.
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the sub-attribute is required.
- `schema_type` (String) The schema type of the sub-attribute.
- `type` (String) The type of the sub-attribute.
- `unique` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the sub-attribute must have a unique value within the PingOne environment.
