---
page_title: "pingone_system_application Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve information about a built-in system application (PingOne Self-Service or PingOne Portal) in PingOne.
---

# pingone_system_application (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve information about a built-in system application (PingOne Self-Service or PingOne Portal) in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_system_application" "example_application_portal_by_type" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  type           = "PING_ONE_PORTAL"
}

data "pingone_system_application" "example_self_service_by_type" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  type           = "PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE"
}

data "pingone_system_application" "example_by_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  application_id = var.application_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that contains the system application.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `application_id` (String) The identifier (UUID) of the system application.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `application_id`, `type`.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of system application.  Options are `PING_ONE_PORTAL`, `PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE`.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `application_id`, `type`.

### Read-Only

- `access_control_group_options` (Attributes) Group access control settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_group_options))
- `access_control_role_type` (String) A string that specifies the user role required to access the application. A user is an admin user if they have one or more of the following roles assigned: `Organization Admin`, `Environment Admin`, `Identity Data Admin`, or `Client Application Developer`.
- `apply_default_theme` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether to apply the default theme to the Self-Service or PingOne Portal application.
- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application ID used to authenticate to the authorization server.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the application.
- `enable_default_theme_footer` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether to show the default theme footer on the self-service application. Configurable only when the `type` is `PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE` and `apply_default_theme` is also `true`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies the enabled/disabled status of the application.
- `hidden_from_app_portal` (Boolean) A boolean to specify whether the application is hidden in the application portal despite the configured group access policy.
- `icon` (Attributes) The HREF and the ID for the application icon. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the system application.
- `pkce_enforcement` (String) A string that specifies how PKCE request parameters are handled on the authorize request.
- `protocol` (String) A string that specifies the protocol used by the application.
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (String) A string that specifies the client authentication methods supported by the token endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_group_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_group_options`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (Set of String) A set that specifies the group IDs for the groups the actor must belong to for access to the application.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the group type required to access the application.  Options are `ALL_GROUPS` (the actor must belong to all groups listed in the `groups` property), `ANY_GROUP` (the actor must belong to at least one group listed in the `groups` property).


<a id="nestedatt--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) The HREF for the application icon.
- `id` (String) The ID for the application icon.
