---
page_title: "pingone_trusted_email_domain_dkim Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve the Trusted Email Domain DKIM status for an environment.
---

# pingone_trusted_email_domain_dkim (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve the Trusted Email Domain DKIM status for an environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_trusted_email_domain_dkim" "email_domain_dkim" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  trusted_email_domain_id = pingone_trusted_email_domain.my_custom_email_domain.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to retrieve trusted email domain DKIM verification for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `trusted_email_domain_id` (String) A string that specifies the auto-generated ID of the email domain.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Read-Only

- `regions` (Attributes Set) The regions collection specifies the properties for the 4 AWS SES regions that are used for sending email for the environment. The regions are determined by the geography where this environment was provisioned (North America, Canada, Europe & Asia-Pacific). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of DNS record.

<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the region.
- `status` (String) The status of the email domain ownership.  Options are `ACTIVE`, `VERIFICATION_REQUIRED`.
- `tokens` (Attributes Set) A collection of key and value pairs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions--tokens))

<a id="nestedatt--regions--tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions.tokens`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Record name.
- `value` (String) Record value.
