---
page_title: "pingone_users Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve multiple PingOne user IDs selected by a SCIM filter.
---

# pingone_users (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve multiple PingOne user IDs selected by a SCIM filter.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_users" "example_by_data_filter" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  data_filter {
    name = "memberOfGroups.id"
    values = [
      pingone_group.my_first_group.id,
      pingone_group.my_second_group.id
    ]
  }

  data_filter {
    name = "population.id"
    values = [
      pingone_population.my_population.id
    ]
  }
}

data "pingone_users" "example_by_scim_filter" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  scim_filter = "(population.id eq \"${pingone_population.my_population.id}\") AND (memberOfGroups[id eq \"${pingone_group.my_first_group.id}\"] OR memberOfGroups[id eq \"${pingone_group.my_second_group.id}\"])"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that contains the users to filter.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `data_filter` (Block List) Individual data filters to apply to the user selection.  Allowed attributes to filter: `accountId`, `address.streetAddress`, `address.locality`, `address.region`, `address.postalCode`, `address.countryCode`, `email`, `enabled`, `endDate`, `externalId`, `locale`, `mobilePhone`, `name.formatted`, `name.given`, `name.middle`, `name.family`, `name.honorificPrefix`, `name.honorificSuffix`, `nickname`, `population.id`, `photo.href`, `preferredLanguage`, `primaryPhone`, `startDate`, `timezone`, `title`, `type`, `username`, `memberOfGroups.id` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_filter))
- `scim_filter` (String) A SCIM filter to apply to the user selection.  A SCIM filter offers the greatest flexibility in filtering users.  The SCIM filter can use the following attributes: `accountId`, `address.streetAddress`, `address.locality`, `address.region`, `address.postalCode`, `address.countryCode`, `email`, `enabled`, `endDate`, `externalId`, `locale`, `mobilePhone`, `name.formatted`, `name.given`, `name.middle`, `name.family`, `name.honorificPrefix`, `name.honorificSuffix`, `nickname`, `population.id`, `photo.href`, `preferredLanguage`, `primaryPhone`, `startDate`, `timezone`, `title`, `type`, `username`, `memberOfGroups.id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ids` (List of String) The list of resulting IDs of users that have been successfully retrieved and filtered.

<a id="nestedblock--data_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The attribute name to filter on.  Must be one of the following values: `accountId`, `address.streetAddress`, `address.locality`, `address.region`, `address.postalCode`, `address.countryCode`, `email`, `enabled`, `endDate`, `externalId`, `locale`, `mobilePhone`, `name.formatted`, `name.given`, `name.middle`, `name.family`, `name.honorificPrefix`, `name.honorificSuffix`, `nickname`, `population.id`, `photo.href`, `preferredLanguage`, `primaryPhone`, `startDate`, `timezone`, `title`, `type`, `username`, `memberOfGroups.id`.
- `values` (List of String) The possible values (case sensitive) of the attribute defined in the `name` parameter to filter.
