---
page_title: "pingone_user_role_assignments Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Datasource to retrieve the role assignments that a user has been assigned.
---

# pingone_user_role_assignments (Data Source)

Datasource to retrieve the role assignments that a user has been assigned.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_user_role_assignments" "awesome_admin_user" {
  environment_id = var.admin_users_environment_id

  user_id = var.awesome_admin_user_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that contains the admin user to retrieve role assignments for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the admin user to retrieve role assignments for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `role_assignments` (Attributes Set) A set of role assignments that the user has been assigned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_assignments))

<a id="nestedatt--role_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the role assignment relationship.
- `read_only` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the admin role assignment is read only or can be changed.
- `role_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the admin role that has been assigned to the user.
- `scope` (Attributes) An object that describes the scope of the role assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_assignments--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--role_assignments--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_assignments.scope`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the environment, population or organization that the role is scoped to.
- `type` (String) The type of the scope.  Options are `APPLICATION`, `ENVIRONMENT`, `ORGANIZATION`, `POPULATION`.
