---
page_title: "pingone_verify_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Neo (Verify & Credentials)"
description: |-
  Data source to retrieve the default PingOne Verify Policy or to find a PingOne Verify Policy by its Verify Policy Id or Name.
---

# pingone_verify_policy (Data Source)

Data source to retrieve the default PingOne Verify Policy or to find a PingOne Verify Policy by its Verify Policy Id or Name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_verify_policy" "find_by_id_example" {
  environment_id   = var.environment_id
  verify_policy_id = var.verify_policy_id
}

data "pingone_verify_policy" "find_by_name_example" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  name           = "foo"
}

data "pingone_verify_policy" "find_default_policy_example" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  default        = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) PingOne environment identifier (UUID) in which the verify policy exists.

### Optional

- `default` (Boolean) Set value to `true` to return the default verify policy. There is only one default policy per environment.
- `name` (String) Name of the verification policy displayed in PingOne Admin UI.
- `verify_policy_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) associated with the verify policy.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date and time the verify policy was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the verification policy displayed in PingOne Admin UI, 1-1024 characters.
- `email` (Attributes) Defines the verification requirements to validate an email address using a one-time password (OTP). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email))
- `facial_comparison` (Attributes) Defines the verification requirements to compare a mobile phone self-image to a reference photograph, such as on a government ID or previously verified photograph. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--facial_comparison))
- `government_id` (Attributes) Defines the verification requirements for a government-issued identity document, which includes a photograph. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--government_id))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `liveness` (Attributes) Defines the verification requirements to inspect a mobile phone self-image for evidence that the subject is alive and not a representation, such as a photograph or mask. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--liveness))
- `phone` (Attributes) Defines the verification requirements to validate a mobile phone number using a one-time password (OTP). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone))
- `transaction` (Attributes) Defines the requirements for transactions invoked by the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transaction))
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time the verify policy was updated. Can be null.

<a id="nestedatt--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email`

Read-Only:

- `create_mfa_device` (Boolean) When enabled, PingOne Verify registers the email address with PingOne MFA as a verified MFA device.
- `otp` (Attributes) SMS/Voice/Email one-time password (OTP) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email--otp))
- `verify` (String) Controls the verification requirements for an Email or Phone verification.  Options are `DISABLED`, `OPTIONAL`, `REQUIRED`.  Defaults to `DISABLED`.

<a id="nestedatt--email--otp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email.otp`

Read-Only:

- `attempts` (Attributes) OTP attempts configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email--otp--attempts))
- `deliveries` (Attributes) OTP delivery configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email--otp--deliveries))
- `lifetime` (Attributes) The length of time for which the OTP is valid. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email--otp--lifetime))
- `notification` (Attributes) OTP notification template configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email--otp--notification))

<a id="nestedatt--email--otp--attempts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email.otp.attempts`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Allowed maximum number of OTP failures.


<a id="nestedatt--email--otp--deliveries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email.otp.deliveries`

Read-Only:

- `cooldown` (Attributes) Cooldown (waiting period between OTP attempts) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--email--otp--deliveries--cooldown))
- `count` (Number) Allowed maximum number of OTP deliveries.

<a id="nestedatt--email--otp--deliveries--cooldown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email.otp.deliveries.count`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Cooldown duration.  Defaults to `30`.
- `time_unit` (String) Time unit of the cooldown duration configuration.  Options are `HOURS`, `MINUTES`, `SECONDS`.  Defaults to `SECONDS`.



<a id="nestedatt--email--otp--lifetime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email.otp.lifetime`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Lifetime of the OTP delivered via email.  Defaults to `10`.
- `time_unit` (String) Time unit of the OTP duration.  Options are `HOURS`, `MINUTES`, `SECONDS`.  Defaults to `MINUTES`.


<a id="nestedatt--email--otp--notification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `email.otp.notification`

Read-Only:

- `template_name` (String) Name of the template to use to pass a one-time passcode (OTP). The default value of `email_phone_verification` is static. Use the `notification.variant_name` property to define an alternate template.
- `variant_name` (String) Name of the template variant to use to pass a one-time passcode (OTP).




<a id="nestedatt--facial_comparison"></a>
### Nested Schema for `facial_comparison`

Read-Only:

- `threshold` (String) Facial Comparison threshold requirements.  Options are `HIGH`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`.  Defaults to `MEDIUM`.
- `verify` (String) Controls Facial Comparison verification requirements.  Options are `DISABLED`, `OPTIONAL`, `REQUIRED`.  Defaults to `DISABLED`.


<a id="nestedatt--government_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `government_id`

Read-Only:

- `verify` (String) Controls Government ID verification requirements.  Options are `DISABLED`, `OPTIONAL`, `REQUIRED`.  Defaults to `DISABLED`.


<a id="nestedatt--liveness"></a>
### Nested Schema for `liveness`

Read-Only:

- `threshold` (String) Liveness Check threshold requirements.  Options are `HIGH`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`.  Defaults to `MEDIUM`.
- `verify` (String) Controls Liveness Check verification requirements.  Options are `DISABLED`, `OPTIONAL`, `REQUIRED`.  Defaults to `DISABLED`.


<a id="nestedatt--phone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone`

Read-Only:

- `create_mfa_device` (Boolean) When enabled, PingOne Verify registers the mobile phone with PingOne MFA as a verified MFA device.
- `otp` (Attributes) SMS/Voice/Email one-time password (OTP) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone--otp))
- `verify` (String) Controls the verification requirements for an Email or Phone verification.  Options are `DISABLED`, `OPTIONAL`, `REQUIRED`.  Defaults to `DISABLED`.

<a id="nestedatt--phone--otp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone.otp`

Read-Only:

- `attempts` (Attributes) OTP attempts configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone--otp--attempts))
- `deliveries` (Attributes) OTP delivery configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone--otp--deliveries))
- `lifetime` (Attributes) The length of time for which the OTP is valid. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone--otp--lifetime))
- `notification` (Attributes) OTP notification template configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone--otp--notification))

<a id="nestedatt--phone--otp--attempts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone.otp.attempts`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Allowed maximum number of OTP failures.


<a id="nestedatt--phone--otp--deliveries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone.otp.deliveries`

Read-Only:

- `cooldown` (Attributes) Cooldown (waiting period between OTP attempts) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--phone--otp--deliveries--cooldown))
- `count` (Number) Allowed maximum number of OTP deliveries.

<a id="nestedatt--phone--otp--deliveries--cooldown"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone.otp.deliveries.count`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Cooldown duration.  Defaults to `30`.
- `time_unit` (String) Time unit of the cooldown duration configuration.  Options are `HOURS`, `MINUTES`, `SECONDS`.  Defaults to `SECONDS`.



<a id="nestedatt--phone--otp--lifetime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone.otp.lifetime`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Lifetime of the OTP delivered via phone (SMS).  Defaults to `5`.
- `time_unit` (String) Time unit of the OTP duration.  Options are `HOURS`, `MINUTES`, `SECONDS`.  Defaults to `MINUTES`.


<a id="nestedatt--phone--otp--notification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `phone.otp.notification`

Read-Only:

- `template_name` (String) Name of the template to use to pass a one-time passcode (OTP). The default value of `email_phone_verification` is static. Use the `notification.variant_name` property to define an alternate template.
- `variant_name` (String) Name of the template variant to use to pass a one-time passcode (OTP).




<a id="nestedatt--transaction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transaction`

Read-Only:

- `data_collection` (Attributes) Object for data collection timeout definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transaction--data_collection))
- `data_collection_only` (Boolean) When `true`, collects documents specified in the policy without determining their validity; defaults to `false`.
- `timeout` (Attributes) Object for transaction timeout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transaction--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--transaction--data_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transaction.data_collection`

Read-Only:

- `timeout` (Attributes) Object for data collection timeout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transaction--data_collection--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--transaction--data_collection--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transaction.data_collection.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Length of time before transaction timeout expires.
* If `transaction.data_collection.timeout.time_unit` is `MINUTES`, the allowed range is `0 - 30`.
* If `transaction.data_collection.timeout.time_unit` is `SECONDS`, the allowed range is `0 - 1800`.
* The default value is `15 MINUTES`.
- `time_unit` (String) Time unit of data collection timeout.  Options are `MINUTES`, `SECONDS`.  Defaults to `MINUTES`.



<a id="nestedatt--transaction--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transaction.timeout`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Number) Length of time before transaction timeout expires.
* If `transaction.timeout.time_unit` is `MINUTES`, the allowed range is `0 - 30`.
* If `transaction.timeout.time_unit` is `SECONDS`, the allowed range is `0 - 1800`.
* The default value is `30 MINUTES`.
- `time_unit` (String) Time unit of transaction timeout.  Options are `MINUTES`, `SECONDS`.  Defaults to `MINUTES`.
