---
page_title: "pingone_verify_voice_phrase_content Data Source - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Neo (Verify & Credentials)"
description: |-
  Data source to find PingOne Verify Voice Phrase Contents from a specified PingOne Verify Voice Phrase.
---

# pingone_verify_voice_phrase_content (Data Source)

!> **Deprecation Notice** This data source is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Please use alternative verification methods.

Data source to find PingOne Verify Voice Phrase Contents from a specified PingOne Verify Voice Phrase.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingone_verify_voice_phrase_content" "find_by_id_example" {
  environment_id          = var.environment_id
  voice_phrase_id         = var.voice_phrase_id
  voice_phrase_content_id = var.voice_phrase_content_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) PingOne environment identifier (UUID) in which the verify voice phrase exists.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `voice_phrase_content_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) associated with the voice phrase content.
- `voice_phrase_id` (String) The identifier (UUID) of the `voice_phrase` associated with the `voice_phrase_content` configuration.

### Read-Only

- `content` (String) The phrase a user must speak during voice enrollment or verification. The phrase must be written in the language and character set required by the language specified in the `locale` property.
- `created_at` (String) Date and time the verify phrase content was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `locale` (String) Language localization requirement for the voice phrase contents.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time the verify phrase content was updated. Can be null.
