---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_administrator_security Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage environment administrator sign-on settings.
---

# pingone_administrator_security (Resource)

Resource to create and manage environment administrator sign-on settings.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create and manage the administrator_security in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `mfa_status` (String) This property must be set to `ENFORCE` as MFA is required for administrator sign-ons. This property applies only to the specified environment.
- `recovery` (Boolean) Indicates whether to allow account recovery within the admin policy.

### Optional

- `allowed_methods` (Attributes) Indicates the methods to enable or disable for admin sign-on. Required properties are `TOTP` (temporary one-time password), `FIDO2`, or `EMAIL`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_methods))
- `authentication_method` (String) Indicates whether to use PingOne MFA, an external IdP, or a combination of both for admin sign-on. Possible values are `PINGONE`, `EXTERNAL`, or `HYBRID`. The default is `PINGONE`.
- `identity_provider` (Attributes) The external IdP, if applicable. Required when the authentication_method is set to `EXTERNAL` or `HYBRID`, otherwise should not be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_provider))

### Read-Only

- `has_fido2_capabilities` (Boolean) Indicates whether the environment supports FIDO2 passkeys for MFA.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_pingid_in_bom` (Boolean) Indicates whether the environment supports PingID for MFA.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_methods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_methods`

Required:

- `email` (String) Indicates whether to enable email for sign-on.
- `fido2` (String) Indicates whether to enable FIDO2 for sign-on.
- `totp` (String) Indicates whether to enable TOTP for sign-on.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_provider`

Required:

- `id` (String) The UUID of the external IdP, if applicable.
