---
page_title: "pingone_alert_channel Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage alert channels in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_alert_channel (Resource)

Resource to create and manage alert channels in a PingOne environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_alert_channel" "my_awesome_alert_channel" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  alert_name = "My awesome alert channel"

  addresses = [
    "iam_license_admins@bxretail.org",
  ]

  channel_type = "EMAIL"

  include_alert_types = [
    "LICENSE_EXPIRED",
    "LICENSE_EXPIRING",
    "LICENSE_ROTATED",
  ]

  include_severities = [
    "INFO",
    "WARNING",
    "ERROR",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the administrator email addresses to send the alerts to.
- `channel_type` (String) A string that specifies the alert channel type. Currently, this must be `EMAIL`.  Options are `EMAIL`.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to manage an alert channel for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `include_alert_types` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the list of alert types that administrators will be emailed alerts for.  Options are `CERTIFICATE_EXPIRED`, `CERTIFICATE_EXPIRING`, `GATEWAY_VERSION_DEPRECATED`, `GATEWAY_VERSION_DEPRECATING`, `KEY_PAIR_EXPIRED`, `KEY_PAIR_EXPIRING`, `LICENSE_90_PERCENT_USER_SOFT_LIMIT`, `LICENSE_EXPIRED`, `LICENSE_EXPIRING`, `LICENSE_ROTATED`, `LICENSE_USER_HARD_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`, `LICENSE_USER_SOFT_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`, `RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`, `RATE_LIMIT_WARNING`, `RISK_CONFIGURATION`, `SUSPICIOUS_TRAFFIC`.
- `include_severities` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the severity to filters alerts by.  Options are `ERROR`, `INFO`, `WARNING`.

### Optional

- `alert_name` (String) A string that specifies the name to assign to the alert channel.
- `exclude_alert_types` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the list of alert types that administrators will not be emailed alerts for. If left undefined, no alert types are excluded.  Options are `CERTIFICATE_EXPIRED`, `CERTIFICATE_EXPIRING`, `GATEWAY_VERSION_DEPRECATED`, `GATEWAY_VERSION_DEPRECATING`, `KEY_PAIR_EXPIRED`, `KEY_PAIR_EXPIRING`, `LICENSE_90_PERCENT_USER_SOFT_LIMIT`, `LICENSE_EXPIRED`, `LICENSE_EXPIRING`, `LICENSE_ROTATED`, `LICENSE_USER_HARD_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`, `LICENSE_USER_SOFT_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`, `RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED`, `RATE_LIMIT_WARNING`, `RISK_CONFIGURATION`, `SUSPICIOUS_TRAFFIC`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_alert_channel.example <environment_id>/<alert_channel_id>
```
