---
page_title: "pingone_application_resource Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage application resources in PingOne.
---

# pingone_application_resource (Resource)

Resource to create and manage application resources in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_resource" "my_awesome_custom_resource" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "My awesome custom resource"
}

resource "pingone_application_resource" "my_custom_application_resource" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  resource_name  = pingone_resource.my_resource.name

  name        = "Invoices"
  description = "My invoices resource application"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the resource attribute in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the application resource name.  The value must be unique for the resource.
- `resource_name` (String) The name of the resource to should be assigned as an application resource.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A string that specifies the application resource's description.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `parent` (Attributes) A single object that describes the application resource's parent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent))
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource that is assigned as an application resource.

<a id="nestedatt--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the application resource's parent ID.
- `type` (String) The application resource's parent type.  Options are `PING_ONE_RESOURCE`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_application_resource.example <environment_id>/<resource_id>/<application_resource_id>
```
