---
page_title: "pingone_application_secret Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to generate and read an application secret for an administrator defined application configured in PingOne.
---

# pingone_application_secret (Resource)

Resource to generate and read an application secret for an administrator defined application configured in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_application" "my_application" {
  # ...
}

resource "time_rotating" "application_secret_rotation" {
  rotation_days = 30
}

resource "pingone_application_secret" "foo" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  application_id = pingone_application.my_application.id

  regenerate_trigger_values = {
    "rotation_rfc3339" : time_rotating.application_secret_rotation.rotation_rfc3339,
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The ID of the application to generate the application secret for. The value for `application_id` may come from the `id` attribute of the `pingone_application` resource or data source.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to generate an application secret in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `regenerate_trigger_values` (Map of String) A meta-argument map of values that, if any values are changed, will force regeneration of the application secret.  Adding values to and removing values from the map will not trigger a secret regeneration.  This parameter can be used to control time-based rotation using Terraform.

### Read-Only

- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The application secret used to authenticate to the authorization server.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_application_secret.example <environment_id>/<application_id>
```
