---
page_title: "pingone_authorize_editor_statement Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Authorize"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage an authorization statement for the PingOne Authorize Policy Manager in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_authorize_editor_statement (Resource)

Resource to create and manage an authorization statement for the PingOne Authorize Policy Manager in a PingOne environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_authorize_editor_statement" "my_awesome_editor_statement" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  # ...
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `applies_if` (String) A string that specifies when to attach a final decision.  Options are `ANYTHING`, `FINAL_DECISION_MATCHES`, `PATH_MATCHES`.
- `applies_to` (String) A string that specifies what result the statement applies to.  Options are `ANYTHING`, `DENY`, `INDETERMINATE`, `PERMIT`, `PERMIT_OR_DENY`.
- `attributes` (Attributes List) An list of objects that specify configuration settings for the authorization attributes to attach to the statement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes))
- `code` (String) A string that specifies the statement code.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to configure the Authorize editor statement in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies a unique name for the authorization statement.
- `payload` (String) A string that specifies the statement payload.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A string that specifies a description to apply to the resource statement.
- `obligatory` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the statement must be fulfilled as a condition of authorizing the decision request.  Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version` (String) A string that describes a random ID generated by the system for concurrency control purposes.

<a id="nestedatt--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization attribute in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_authorize_editor_statement.example <environment_id>/<editor_statement_id>
```
