---
page_title: "pingone_authorize_trust_framework_service Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Authorize"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage an authorization service for the PingOne Authorize Trust Framework in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_authorize_trust_framework_service (Resource)

Resource to create and manage an authorization service for the PingOne Authorize Trust Framework in a PingOne environment.

## Example Usage - HTTP Service

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_authorize_trust_framework_service" "my_awesome_service" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  # ...
}
```

## Example Usage - Connector Service

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_authorize_trust_framework_service" "my_awesome_service" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  # ...
}
```

## Example Usage - Abstract Service

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_authorize_trust_framework_service" "my_awesome_service" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  # ...
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to configure the Authorize editor service in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies a user-friendly service name.
- `service_type` (String) A string that specifies the type of service.  Options are `CONNECTOR`, `HTTP`, `NONE`.

### Optional

- `cache_settings` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for cache settings to apply to the service responses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cache_settings))
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the authorization service resource's description.
- `full_name` (String) A string that specifies a unique name generated by the system for each service resource. It is the concatenation of names in the service resource hierarchy.
- `parent` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the service resource's parent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent))
- `processor` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the processor to transform the value returned from the resolver.  This field is optional when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR` or `HTTP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor))
- `service_settings` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the service connection.  This field is required when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR` or `HTTP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings))
- `value_type` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the final output type of the service.  This field is required when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR` or `HTTP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--value_type))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) A string that describes the resource type.
- `version` (String) A string that describes a random ID generated by the system for concurrency control purposes.

<a id="nestedatt--cache_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_settings`

Optional:

- `ttl_seconds` (Number) An integer that specifies the time to live (in seconds) for the service cache.


<a id="nestedatt--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the parent resource.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--processor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor`

Required:

- `name` (String) A user-friendly authorization processor name. The value must be unique.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the processor type.  Options are `CHAIN`, `COLLECTION_FILTER`, `COLLECTION_TRANSFORM`, `JSON_PATH`, `REFERENCE`, `SPEL`, `XPATH`.

Optional:

- `expression` (String) A string that specifies the expression to use. If the `type` is `JSON_PATH`, the expression should be a valid JSON path expression, if the `type` is `SPEL`, the expression should be a valid SpEL expression and if the `type` is `XPATH`, the expression should be a valid XPath expression.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`.
- `predicate` (Attributes) This field is required when `type` is `COLLECTION_FILTER`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--predicate))
- `processor` (Attributes) This field is required when `type` is `COLLECTION_TRANSFORM`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processor))
- `processor_ref` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the authorization processor to reference.  This field is required when `type` is `REFERENCE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processor_ref))
- `processors` (Attributes List) The list of processors to apply in the given order.  This field is required when `type` is `CHAIN`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processors))
- `value_type` (Attributes) An object that specifies the output type of the value.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--value_type))

<a id="nestedatt--processor--predicate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.predicate`

Required:

- `name` (String) A user-friendly authorization processor name. The value must be unique.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the processor type.  Options are `JSON_PATH`, `REFERENCE`, `SPEL`, `XPATH`.

Optional:

- `expression` (String) A string that specifies the expression to use. If the `type` is `JSON_PATH`, the expression should be a valid JSON path expression, if the `type` is `SPEL`, the expression should be a valid SpEL expression and if the `type` is `XPATH`, the expression should be a valid XPath expression.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`.
- `processor_ref` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the authorization processor to reference.  This field is required when `type` is `REFERENCE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--predicate--processor_ref))
- `value_type` (Attributes) An object that specifies the output type of the value.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--predicate--value_type))

<a id="nestedatt--processor--predicate--processor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.predicate.processor_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization processor in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--processor--predicate--value_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.predicate.value_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the value.  Options are `BOOLEAN`, `COLLECTION`, `DATE_TIME`, `DURATION`, `JSON`, `LOCAL_DATE`, `LOCAL_DATE_TIME`, `LOCAL_TIME`, `NUMBER`, `PERIOD`, `STRING`, `TIME_PERIOD`, `XML`, `ZONED_DATE_TIME`.



<a id="nestedatt--processor--processor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processor`

Required:

- `name` (String) A user-friendly authorization processor name. The value must be unique.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the processor type.  Options are `JSON_PATH`, `REFERENCE`, `SPEL`, `XPATH`.

Optional:

- `expression` (String) A string that specifies the expression to use. If the `type` is `JSON_PATH`, the expression should be a valid JSON path expression, if the `type` is `SPEL`, the expression should be a valid SpEL expression and if the `type` is `XPATH`, the expression should be a valid XPath expression.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`.
- `processor_ref` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the authorization processor to reference.  This field is required when `type` is `REFERENCE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processor--processor_ref))
- `value_type` (Attributes) An object that specifies the output type of the value.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processor--value_type))

<a id="nestedatt--processor--processor--processor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processor.processor_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization processor in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--processor--processor--value_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processor.value_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the value.  Options are `BOOLEAN`, `COLLECTION`, `DATE_TIME`, `DURATION`, `JSON`, `LOCAL_DATE`, `LOCAL_DATE_TIME`, `LOCAL_TIME`, `NUMBER`, `PERIOD`, `STRING`, `TIME_PERIOD`, `XML`, `ZONED_DATE_TIME`.



<a id="nestedatt--processor--processor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processor_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization processor in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--processor--processors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processors`

Required:

- `name` (String) A user-friendly authorization processor name. The value must be unique.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the processor type.  Options are `JSON_PATH`, `REFERENCE`, `SPEL`, `XPATH`.

Optional:

- `expression` (String) A string that specifies the expression to use. If the `type` is `JSON_PATH`, the expression should be a valid JSON path expression, if the `type` is `SPEL`, the expression should be a valid SpEL expression and if the `type` is `XPATH`, the expression should be a valid XPath expression.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`.
- `processor_ref` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the authorization processor to reference.  This field is required when `type` is `REFERENCE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processors--processor_ref))
- `value_type` (Attributes) An object that specifies the output type of the value.  This field is required when `type` is `JSON_PATH`, `SPEL` or `XPATH`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--processor--processors--value_type))

<a id="nestedatt--processor--processors--processor_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processors.processor_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization processor in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--processor--processors--value_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.processors.value_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the value.  Options are `BOOLEAN`, `COLLECTION`, `DATE_TIME`, `DURATION`, `JSON`, `LOCAL_DATE`, `LOCAL_DATE_TIME`, `LOCAL_TIME`, `NUMBER`, `PERIOD`, `STRING`, `TIME_PERIOD`, `XML`, `ZONED_DATE_TIME`.



<a id="nestedatt--processor--value_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `processor.value_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the value.  Options are `BOOLEAN`, `COLLECTION`, `DATE_TIME`, `DURATION`, `JSON`, `LOCAL_DATE`, `LOCAL_DATE_TIME`, `LOCAL_TIME`, `NUMBER`, `PERIOD`, `STRING`, `TIME_PERIOD`, `XML`, `ZONED_DATE_TIME`.



<a id="nestedatt--service_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for authenticating to the service.  This field is required when `service_type` is `HTTP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--authentication))
- `body` (String) A string that specifies the body of the HTTP request.  This field is optional when `service_type` is `HTTP`.
- `capability` (String) A string that specifies the connector capability associated with the connector code and channel.  This field is required when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR`.
- `channel` (String) A string that specifies the connector channel to use for the service.  This field is required when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR`.  Options are `AUTHORIZE`.
- `code` (String) A string that specifies the connector code to use for the service.  This field is required when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR`.  Options are `P1_RISK`.
- `content_type` (String) A string that specifies the content type of the HTTP request.  The service will use the value of this field to set the `Content-Type` header.  This field is optional when `service_type` is `HTTP`.
- `headers` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that specify the headers to include in the HTTP request.  This field is optional when `service_type` is `HTTP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--headers))
- `input_mappings` (Attributes List) A list of objects that specify configuration settings for the input mappings to use for the service.  Input mappings may be attribute based, or input based.  This field is required when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--input_mappings))
- `maximum_concurrent_requests` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of maximum concurrent requests to the service. The value must be greater than or equal to `1`.
- `maximum_requests_per_second` (Number) A floating point number that specifies the number of maximum requests per second to the service. The value must be greater than `0`.
- `schema_version` (Number) An integer that specifies the schema version of the connector template.  This field is optional when `service_type` is `CONNECTOR`.
- `timeout_milliseconds` (Number) An integer that specifies the timeout, in milliseconds, when attempting connection to the service. The value must be between `0` and `3000`.
- `tls_settings` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings when connecting to the service using TLS.  This field is required when `service_type` is `HTTP`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--tls_settings))
- `url` (String) A string that specifies the URL of the HTTP service.  This field is required when `service_type` is `HTTP`.
- `verb` (String) A string that specifies the HTTP method to use.  This field is required when `service_type` is `HTTP`.  Options are `DELETE`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`.

<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of service authentication to use.  Options are `BASIC`, `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`, `NONE`, `TOKEN`.

Optional:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the client ID to use for client credentials authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`.
- `client_secret` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the client secret to use for client credentials authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--client_secret))
- `name` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the user name to use for basic authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `BASIC`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--name))
- `password` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the user password to use for basic authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `BASIC`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--password))
- `scope` (String) A string that specifies the scope(s) to request from the token endpoint during client credentials authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`.
- `token` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the token value to use for static token authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `TOKEN`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--token))
- `token_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the HTTPS token endpoint to use for authentication.  This field is required when `type` is `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS`.

<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.authentication.client_secret`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the client secret reference used to authenticate the service.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.authentication.name`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the user name reference used to authenticate the service.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--password"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.authentication.password`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the password reference used to authenticate the service.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--authentication--token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.authentication.token`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the token reference used to authenticate the service.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.



<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.headers`

Required:

- `key` (String) A string that specifies the header key.

Optional:

- `value` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the header value.  The header value may be configured as an authorization attribute, or a constant value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--headers--value))

<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--headers--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.headers.value`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the data value.  Options are `ATTRIBUTE`, `CONSTANT`.

Optional:

- `attribute` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the authorization attribute to use as the data value.  This field is required when `type` is `ATTRIBUTE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--headers--value--attribute))
- `value` (String) A string that specifies a constant text value to use as the data value.  This field is required when `type` is `CONSTANT`.

<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--headers--value--attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.headers.value.value`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization attribute in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.




<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--input_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.input_mappings`

Required:

- `property` (String)
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the input mapping type.  Options are `ATTRIBUTE`, `INPUT`.

Optional:

- `value` (String) A string that specifies the value for the input mapping.  This field is required when `type` is `INPUT`.
- `value_ref` (Attributes) An object that specifies configuration settings for the trust framework attribute to use as an input mapping.  This field is required when `type` is `ATTRIBUTE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_settings--input_mappings--value_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--input_mappings--value_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.input_mappings.value_ref`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the authorization attribute in the trust framework.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.



<a id="nestedatt--service_settings--tls_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_settings.tls_settings`

Required:

- `tls_validation_type` (String) A string that specifies the TLS validation type.  Options are `DEFAULT`, `NONE`.



<a id="nestedatt--value_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `value_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the value.  Options are `BOOLEAN`, `COLLECTION`, `DATE_TIME`, `DURATION`, `JSON`, `LOCAL_DATE`, `LOCAL_DATE_TIME`, `LOCAL_TIME`, `NUMBER`, `PERIOD`, `STRING`, `TIME_PERIOD`, `XML`, `ZONED_DATE_TIME`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_authorize_editor_service.example <environment_id>/<editor_service_id>
```
