---
page_title: "pingone_authorize_api_service_operation Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Authorize"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage API Operations for API Services with PingOne Authorize in an environment.
---

# pingone_authorize_api_service_operation (Resource)

Resource to create and manage API Operations for API Services with PingOne Authorize in an environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_resource" "my_resource" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "My awesome custom resource"

  audience                      = "https://api.bxretail.org"
  access_token_validity_seconds = 3600
}

resource "pingone_authorize_api_service" "my_awesome_api_service" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "My awesome API service"

  base_urls = [
    "https://api.bxretail.org",
    "https://api.bxretail.org/path"
  ]

  authorization_server = {
    resource_id = pingone_resource.my_resource.id
    type        = "PINGONE_SSO"
  }
}

resource "pingone_authorize_api_service_operation" "my_awesome_api_service_operation" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  api_service_id = pingone_authorize_api_service.my_awesome_api_service.id

  name = "My awesome API service operation"

  methods = [
    "POST",
    "PUT",
    "GET",
    "DELETE",
  ]

  paths = [
    {
      pattern = "/awesome/1"
      type    = "EXACT"
    },
    {
      pattern = "/awesome/{variable}/*"
      type    = "PARAMETER"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_service_id` (String) The ID of the API service to create and manage the API Service operation for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create and manage the API Service in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the API service operation name.
- `paths` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that specifies the paths that define the operation. The same literal pattern is not allowed within the same operation (the pattern of a `paths` element must be unique as compared to all other patterns in the same `paths` array). However, the same literal pattern is allowed in different operations (for example, OperationA, `/path1`, OperationB, `/path1` is valid). This set is limited to 10 entries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--paths))

### Optional

- `access_control` (Attributes) A single object that specifies properties related to access control settings of the API service operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control))
- `methods` (Set of String) The methods that define the operation. No duplicates are allowed. Each element must be a valid HTTP token, according to [RFC 7230](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7230), and cannot exceed 64 characters. An empty array is not valid. To indicate that an operation is defined for every method, the `methods` array should be set to null. The `methods` array is limited to 10 entries.  Options are `DELETE`, `GET`, `OPTIONS`, `PATCH`, `POST`, `PUT`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `policy_id` (String) A string that represents the ID of the root policy.

<a id="nestedatt--paths"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paths`

Required:

- `pattern` (String) A string that specifies the pattern used to identify the path or paths for the operation. The semantics of the pattern are determined by the type. For any type, the pattern can contain characters that are otherwise invalid in a URL path. Invalid characters are handled by performing matching against a percent-decoded HTTP request target path. This allows an administrator to configure patterns without worrying about percent encoding special characters.
When the `type` is `PARAMETER`, the syntax outlined in the table below is enforced. Additionally, the pattern must contain a wildcard, double wildcard or named parameter. When the `type` is `EXACT`, the pattern can be any byte sequence except for ASCII control characters such as line feeds or carriage returns. The length of the pattern cannot exceed 2048 characters. The path pattern must not contain empty path segments such as `/../`, `//`, and `/./`.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of the pattern.  Options are `EXACT` (the verbatim pattern is compared against the path from the request using a case-sensitive comparison), `PARAMETER` (the pattern is compared against the path from the request using a case-sensitive comparison, using the syntax below to encode wildcards and named parameters).


<a id="nestedatt--access_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control`

Optional:

- `group` (Attributes) A single object that defines the group membership requirements for the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--group))
- `permission` (Attributes) A single object that defines permission requirements for the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--permission))
- `scope` (Attributes) A single object that defines scope membership requirements for the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--scope))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.group`

Required:

- `groups` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that define the access requirements for the operation. The end user must be a member of one or more of these groups to gain access to the operation. The ID must reference a group that exists at the time the data is persisted. There is no referential integrity between a group and this configuration. If a group is subsequently deleted, the access control configuration will continue to reference that group. The set must not contain more than 25 elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--group--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control--group--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.group.groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the UUID that represents the ID of the PingOne group. Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.



<a id="nestedatt--access_control--permission"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.permission`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the application permission ID that defines the access requirements for the operation. The end user must be entitled to the specified application permission to gain access to the operation.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--access_control--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.scope`

Required:

- `scopes` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that specify the scopes that define the access requirements for the operation. The client must be authorized with `ANY` or `ALL` of the scopes to be granted access, depending on the `match_type` field value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--scope--scopes))

Optional:

- `match_type` (String) A string that specifies the match type of the scope rule.  Options are `ALL` (the client must be authorized with all scopes configured in the `scopes` array to obtain access), `ANY` (the client must be authorized with one or more of the scopes configured in the `scopes` array to obtain access).

<a id="nestedatt--access_control--scope--scopes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.scope.scopes`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the scope.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_authorize_api_service_operation.example <environment_id>/<api_service_id>/<api_service_operation_id>
```
