---
page_title: "pingone_authorize_api_service Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Authorize"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage API Services for PingOne Authorize in an environment.
---

# pingone_authorize_api_service (Resource)

Resource to create and manage API Services for PingOne Authorize in an environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_resource" "my_resource" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name        = "My resource"
  description = "My new Resource"

  audience                      = "https://api.bxretail.org"
  access_token_validity_seconds = 3600
}

resource "pingone_authorize_api_service" "my_awesome_api_service" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "My awesome API service"

  base_urls = [
    "https://api.bxretail.org",
    "https://api.bxretail.org/path"
  ]

  authorization_server = {
    resource_id = pingone_resource.my_resource.id
    type        = "PINGONE_SSO"
  }

  directory = {
    type = "PINGONE_SSO"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorization_server` (Attributes) A single object that specifies properties related to the authorization server that will issue access tokens used to access the APIs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization_server))
- `base_urls` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the possible base URLs that an end-user will use to access the APIs hosted on the customer's API service. Multiple base URLs may be specified to support cases where the same API may be available from multiple URLs (for example, from a user-friendly domain URL and an internal domain URL). Base URLs must be valid absolute URLs with the `https` or `http` scheme. If the path component is non-empty, it must not end in a trailing slash. The path must not contain empty backslash, dot, or double-dot segments. It must not have a query or fragment present, and the host portion of the authority must be a DNS hostname or valid IP (IPv4 or IPv6). The length must be less than or equal to 256 characters.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create and manage the API Service in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the API service resource name. The name value must be unique among all API services, and it must be a valid resource name.

### Optional

- `access_control` (Attributes) A single object that specifies properties related to access control settings of the API service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control))
- `directory` (Attributes) A container object for fields related to the user directory used to issue access tokens for accessing the APIs. If not provided, `directory.type` will default to `PINGONE_SSO`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--directory))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `policy_id` (String) A string that represents the ID of the root policy.

<a id="nestedatt--authorization_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization_server`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of authorization server that will issue access tokens. Must be the same value as the `directory.type` field. If `EXTERNAL`, the `resource` field must not be provided.  Options are `EXTERNAL`, `PINGONE_SSO`.  Defaults to `PINGONE_SSO`.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

Optional:

- `resource_id` (String) A string that specifies the UUID of the custom PingOne resource. The resource defines the characteristics of the OAuth 2.0 access tokens used to get access to the APIs on the API service such as the audience and scopes. This property must identify a PingOne resource with a `type` property value of `CUSTOM`.


<a id="nestedatt--access_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control`

Required:

- `custom` (Attributes) A single object that defines if the operation will use custom policy rather than the "Group" or "Scope" access control requirement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control--custom))

<a id="nestedatt--access_control--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control.custom`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that, if set to `true`, means the custom policy will be used for the endpoint.  Defaults to `false`.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.



<a id="nestedatt--directory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `directory`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of directory that will be used to issue access tokens.  Options are `EXTERNAL`, `PINGONE_SSO`.  Defaults to `PINGONE_SSO`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_authorize_api_service.example <environment_id>/<api_service_id>
```
