---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingone_authorize_decision_endpoint Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne Authorize decision endpoints.
---

# pingone_authorize_decision_endpoint (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne Authorize decision endpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_authorize_decision_endpoint" "my_awesome_decision_endpoint" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  name           = "Awesome Decision Endpoint"

  record_recent_requests = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the decision endpoint in.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the policy decision resource name.
- `record_recent_requests` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether to record a limited history of recent decision requests and responses, which can be queried through a separate API.

### Optional

- `alternate_id` (String) A string that specifies alternative unique identifier for the endpoint, which provides a method for locating the resource by a known, fixed identifier.
- `authorization_version_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the Authorization Version deployed to this endpoint. Versioning allows independent development and deployment of policies. If omitted, the endpoint always uses the latest policy version available from the policy editor service.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the policy decision resource. Defaults to ``.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `owned` (Boolean) A boolean that when true restricts modifications of the endpoint to PingOne-owned clients.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_authorize_decision_endpoint.example <environment_id>/<decision_endpoint_id>
```
