---
page_title: "pingone_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne certificates.
---

# pingone_certificate (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne certificates.

## Example Usage - PKCS7 (DER)

```terraform
resource "pingone_certificate" "my_certificate" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  usage_type        = "SSL/TLS"
  pkcs7_file_base64 = filebase64("../path/to/certificate.p7b")
}
```

## Example Usage - X509 (PEM)

```terraform
resource "pingone_certificate" "my_certificate" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  usage_type = "SSL/TLS"
  pem_file   = var.pem_file
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the certificate in.
- `usage_type` (String) A string that specifies how the certificate is used. Options are `ENCRYPTION`, `SIGNING`, `SSL/TLS` and `ISSUANCE`.

### Optional

- `pem_file` (String) A PEM encoded file to import.  Either `pkcs7_file_base64` or `pem_file` must be specified.
- `pkcs7_file_base64` (String) A base64 encoded PKCS7 (DER) file to import.  Either `pkcs7_file_base64` or `pem_file` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (String) Specifies the key algorithm. Options are `RSA`, `EC`, and `UNKNOWN`.
- `default` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether this is the default certificate for the specified environment.
- `expires_at` (String) The time the certificate expires.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_dn` (String) A string that specifies the distinguished name of the certificate issuer.
- `key_length` (Number) An integer that specifies the key length. For RSA keys, options are `2048`, `3072`, `4096` and `7680`. For elliptical curve (EC) keys, options are `224`, `256`, `384` and `521`.
- `name` (String) The system name of the certificate.
- `serial_number` (String) An integer (in string data type) that specifies the serial number of the key or certificate.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Specifies the signature algorithm of the key. For RSA keys, options are `SHA224withRSA`, `SHA256withRSA`, `SHA384withRSA` and `SHA512withRSA`. For elliptical curve (EC) keys, options are `SHA224withECDSA`, `SHA256withECDSA`, `SHA384withECDSA` and `SHA512withECDSA`.
- `starts_at` (String) The time the validity period starts.
- `status` (String) A string that specifies the status of the key. Options are `VALID`, `EXPIRING`, `EXPIRED`, `NOT_YET_VALID`, and `REVOKED`.
- `subject_dn` (String) A string that specifies the distinguished name of the subject being secured.
- `validity_period` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of days the certificate is valid.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_certificate.example <environment_id>/<certificate_id>
```
