---
page_title: "pingone_credential_issuance_rule Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Neo (Verifiable Credentials)"
description: |-
  Resource to create, read, and update rules for issuing, updating, and revoking credentials by credential type.
  An issuance rule is defined for a specific credential_type and digital_wallet_application, and the filter determines the targeted list of users allowed to receive the specific credential type.
---

# pingone_credential_issuance_rule (Resource)

Resource to create, read, and update rules for issuing, updating, and revoking credentials by credential type.

An issuance rule is defined for a specific `credential_type` and `digital_wallet_application`, and the `filter` determines the targeted list of users allowed to receive the specific credential type.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_population" "my_population" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_application" "my_awesome_native_app" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_digital_wallet_application" "my_digital_wallet_app" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  application_id = pingone_application.my_awesome_native_app.id
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_credential_type" "my_credential" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  # ...

}

resource "pingone_credential_issuance_rule" "my_credential_issuance_rule" {
  environment_id                = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  digital_wallet_application_id = pingone_digital_wallet_application.my_digital_wallet_app.id
  credential_type_id            = pingone_credential_type.my_credential.id

  status = "ACTIVE"

  filter = {
    population_ids = [pingone_population.my_population.id]
  }

  automation = {
    issue  = "ON_DEMAND"
    revoke = "ON_DEMAND"
    update = "PERIODIC"
  }

  notification = {
    methods = ["EMAIL", "SMS"]
    template = {
      locale  = "en"
      variant = "credential_issued_template_B"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `automation` (Attributes) Contains a list of actions, as key names, and the update method for each action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--automation))
- `credential_type_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) of the credential type with which this credential issuance rule is associated.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `digital_wallet_application_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) of the customer's Digital Wallet App that will interact with the user's Digital Wallet.
- `environment_id` (String) PingOne environment identifier (UUID) in which the credential issuance rule exists.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `status` (String) Status of the credential issuance rule. Can be `ACTIVE` or `DISABLED`.

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Contains one and only one filter (`group_ids`, `population_ids`, or `scim`) that selects the users to which the credential issuance rule applies. A filter must be defined if the issuance rule `status` is `ACTIVE`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `notification` (Attributes) Contains notification information. When this property is supplied, the information within is used to create a custom notification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--automation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `automation`

Required:

- `issue` (String) The method the service uses to issue credentials with the credential issuance rule. Can be `PERIODIC` or `ON_DEMAND`.
- `revoke` (String) The method the service uses to revoke credentials with the credential issuance rule. Can be `PERIODIC` or `ON_DEMAND`.
- `update` (String) The method the service uses to update credentials with the credential issuance rule. Can be `PERIODIC` or `ON_DEMAND`.


<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `group_ids` (Set of String) Array of one or more identifiers (UUIDs) of groups, any of which a user must belong for the credential issuance rule to apply.
- `population_ids` (Set of String) Array of one or more identifiers (UUIDs) of populations, any of which a user must belong for the credential issuance rule to apply.
- `scim` (String) A SCIM query that selects users to which the credential issuance rule applies.


<a id="nestedatt--notification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification`

Required:

- `methods` (Set of String) Array of methods for notifying the user; can be `EMAIL`, `SMS`, or both.

Optional:

- `template` (Attributes) Contains template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification--template))

<a id="nestedatt--notification--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification.template`

Required:

- `locale` (String) The ISO 2-character language code used for the notification; for example, `en`.
- `variant` (String) The unique user-defined name for the content variant that contains the message text used for the notification.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_credential_issuance_rule.example <environment_id>/<credential_type_id>/<credential_issuance_rule_id>
```
