---
page_title: "pingone_credential_issuer_profile Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Neo (Verifiable Credentials)"
description: |-
  Resource to retrieve or update the credential issuer information.
  A credential issuer profile, which enables issuance of credentials, is automatically created when the credential service is added to an environment. This resource is typically only required to update the credential issuer name.
---

# pingone_credential_issuer_profile (Resource)

Resource to retrieve or update the credential issuer information.

A credential issuer profile, which enables issuance of credentials, is automatically created when the credential service is added to an environment. This resource is typically only required to update the credential issuer name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_credential_issuer_profile" "my_credential_issuer" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "Awesome PingOne Credentials Issuer"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the credential issuer in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) The name of the credential issuer. The name is included in the metadata of an issued verifiable credential.

### Read-Only

- `application_instance_id` (String) Identifier (UUID) of the application instance registered with the PingOne platform service. This enables the client to send messages to the service.
- `created_at` (String) Date and time the issuer profile was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time the issuer profile was last updated.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_credential_issuer_profile.example <environment_id>/<credential_issuer_profile_id>
```
