---
page_title: "pingone_custom_domain_ssl Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne Custom Domain SSL settings.
---

# pingone_custom_domain_ssl (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne Custom Domain SSL settings.

~> The custom domain must have a `status` value of `SSL_CERTIFICATE_REQUIRED` or `ACTIVE` in order to set the SSL certificate and key settings.  This requires the domain to be verified first using the `pingone_custom_domain_verify` resource, or through the console as described in the [PingOne Custom Domain documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/bundle/pingone/page/cxs1575407884833.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_custom_domain_verify" "my_custom_domain" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  custom_domain_id = pingone_custom_domain.my_custom_domain.id
}

resource "pingone_custom_domain_ssl" "my_custom_domain" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  custom_domain_id = pingone_custom_domain.my_custom_domain.id

  certificate_pem_file               = var.my_domain_certificate_pem_file
  intermediate_certificates_pem_file = var.my_domain_intermediate_certificates_pem_file
  private_key_pem_file               = var.my_domain_private_key_pem_file

  depends_on = [
    pingone_custom_domain_verify.my_custom_domain
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_pem_file` (String) A string that specifies the PEM-encoded certificate to import. The certificate must not be expired, must not be self signed and the domain must match one of the subject alternative name (SAN) values on the certificate.
- `custom_domain_id` (String) The ID of the custom domain to set SSL settings for.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the certificate in.
- `private_key_pem_file` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the PEM-encoded, unencrypted private key that matches the certificate's public key.

### Optional

- `intermediate_certificates_pem_file` (String) A string that specifies the PEM-encoded certificate chain.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_expires_at` (String) The time when the certificate expires.  If this property is not present, it indicates that an SSL certificate has not been setup for this custom domain.
- `domain_name` (String) A string that specifies the domain name in use.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) A string that specifies the status of the custom domain. Options are `ACTIVE`, `VERIFICATION_REQUIRED` and `SSL_CERTIFICATE_REQUIRED`.
