---
page_title: "pingone_custom_domain_verify Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne Custom Domain verification.
---

# pingone_custom_domain_verify (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne Custom Domain verification.

~> The custom domain must have a `status` value of `SSL_CERTIFICATE_REQUIRED` or `ACTIVE` in order to set the SSL certificate and key settings.  This requires the domain to be verified first using the `pingone_custom_domain_verify` resource, or through the console as described in the [PingOne Custom Domain documentation](https://docs.pingidentity.com/bundle/pingone/page/cxs1575407884833.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_custom_domain_verify" "my_custom_domain" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  custom_domain_id = pingone_custom_domain.my_custom_domain.id
}
```

~> This resource allows for a custom create/verification timeout value to be set in the optional `timeout` block.  More information can be found in the [timeout configuration options documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/blocks/resources/syntax.html#operation-timeouts). The default create/verification time is `60m`.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `custom_domain_id` (String) The ID of the custom domain to verify.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to verify the custom domain in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `domain_name` (String) A string that specifies the domain name in use.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) A string that specifies the status of the custom domain.  Options are `ACTIVE`, `SSL_CERTIFICATE_REQUIRED`, `VERIFICATION_REQUIRED`.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
