---
page_title: "pingone_form Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne DaVinci forms in an environment.
---

# pingone_form (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne DaVinci forms in an environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_form" "my_awesome_form" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name        = "My Awesome Sign On Form"
  description = "This is my awesome form with fields for sign on"

  mark_required = false
  mark_optional = true

  cols = 4

  components = {
    fields = [
      {
        type = "TEXTBLOB"

        position = {
          row = 0
          col = 0
        }

        content = "<h2>Sign On</h2><hr>"
      },
      {
        type = "ERROR_DISPLAY"

        position = {
          row = 1
          col = 0
        }
      },
      {
        type = "TEXT"

        position = {
          row = 2
          col = 0
        }

        key = "user.username"
        label = jsonencode(
          [
            {
              "type" = "paragraph",
              "children" = [
                {
                  "text" = ""
                },
                {
                  "type"               = "i18n",
                  "key"                = "fields.user.username.label",
                  "defaultTranslation" = "Username",
                  "inline"             = true,
                  "children" = [
                    {
                      "text" = ""
                    }
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "text" = ""
                }
              ]
            }
          ]
        )

        required = true

        validation = {
          type = "NONE"
        }
      },
      {
        type = "PASSWORD"

        position = {
          row = 3
          col = 0
        }

        key = "user.password"
        label = jsonencode(
          [
            {
              "type" = "paragraph",
              "children" = [
                {
                  "text" = ""
                },
                {
                  "type"               = "i18n",
                  "key"                = "fields.user.password.label",
                  "defaultTranslation" = "Password",
                  "inline"             = true,
                  "children" = [
                    {
                      "text" = ""
                    }
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "text" = ""
                }
              ]
            }
          ]
        )

        required = true
      },
      {
        type = "SUBMIT_BUTTON"

        position = {
          row = 4
          col = 0
        }

        label = jsonencode(
          [
            {
              "type" = "paragraph",
              "children" = [
                {
                  "text" = ""
                },
                {
                  "type"               = "i18n",
                  "key"                = "button.text.signOn",
                  "defaultTranslation" = "Sign On",
                  "inline"             = true,
                  "children" = [
                    {
                      "text" = ""
                    }
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "text" = ""
                }
              ]
            }
          ]
        )
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cols` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of columns in the form (min = `1`; max = `4`).
- `components` (Attributes) A single object that specifies the form configuration elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to manage the form in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the form name, which must be provided and must be unique within an environment.

### Optional

- `category` (String) A string that specifies the type of form.  Options are `CUSTOM` (allows the form to be built with fields that do not map specifically to the PingOne directory attributes).  Defaults to `CUSTOM`.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the form.
- `mark_optional` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether optional fields are highlighted in the rendered form.
- `mark_required` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether required fields are highlighted in the rendered form.
- `translation_method` (String) A string that specifies how to translate the text strings in the form.  Options are `DEFAULT_VALUE`, `KEY`, `TRANSLATE`.

### Read-Only

- `field_types` (Set of String) A set of strings that specifies the field types in the form.  Options are `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DIVIDER`, `DROPDOWN`, `EMPTY_FIELD`, `ERROR_DISPLAY`, `FLOW_BUTTON`, `FLOW_LINK`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `QR_CODE`, `RADIO`, `RECAPTCHA_V2`, `SLATE_TEXTBLOB`, `SUBMIT_BUTTON`, `TEXT`, `TEXTBLOB`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `language_bundle` (Map of String) An map of strings that provides i18n keys to their translations. This object includes both the keys and their default translations.

<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Required:

- `fields` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that specifies the form fields that make up the form. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--fields))

<a id="nestedatt--components--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.fields`

Required:

- `position` (Attributes) A single object that specifies the position of the form field in the form.  The combination of `col` and `row` must be unique between form fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--fields--position))
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of form field.  Options are `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DIVIDER`, `DROPDOWN`, `EMPTY_FIELD`, `ERROR_DISPLAY`, `FLOW_BUTTON`, `FLOW_LINK`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `QR_CODE`, `RADIO`, `RECAPTCHA_V2`, `SLATE_TEXTBLOB`, `SUBMIT_BUTTON`, `TEXT`, `TEXTBLOB`.

Optional:

- `alignment` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `QR_CODE`, `RECAPTCHA_V2`.  A string that specifies the reCAPTCHA alignment.  Options are `CENTER`, `LEFT`, `RIGHT`.
- `attribute_disabled` (Boolean) Optional when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `RADIO`, `TEXT`.  A boolean that specifies whether the linked directory attribute is disabled.
- `content` (String) Optional when the `type` is one of `SLATE_TEXTBLOB`, `TEXTBLOB`.  A string that specifies the field's content (for example, HTML when the field type is `TEXTBLOB`.)
- `key` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `FLOW_BUTTON`, `FLOW_LINK`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `QR_CODE`, `RADIO`, `TEXT`.  A string that specifies an identifier for the field component.
- `label` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `FLOW_BUTTON`, `FLOW_LINK`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `RADIO`, `SUBMIT_BUTTON`, `TEXT`.  A string that specifies the field label.
- `label_mode` (String) Optional when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `RADIO`, `TEXT`.  A string that specifies how the field is rendered.  Options are `DEFAULT`, `FLOAT`.
- `label_password_verify` (String) Optional when the `type` is one of `PASSWORD_VERIFY`.  A string that when a second field for verifies password is used, this property specifies the field label for that verify field.
- `layout` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `RADIO`, optional when the `type` is one of `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `TEXT`.  A string that specifies layout attributes for radio button and checkbox fields.  Options are `HORIZONTAL`, `VERTICAL`.
- `options` (Attributes Set) **Required** when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `RADIO`.  An array of objects that specifies the unique list of options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--fields--options))
- `qr_code_type` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `QR_CODE`.  A string that specifies the QR Code type.
- `required` (Boolean) Optional when the `type` is one of `CHECKBOX`, `COMBOBOX`, `DROPDOWN`, `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`, `RADIO`, `TEXT`.  A boolean that specifies whether the field is required.
- `show_border` (Boolean) Optional when the `type` is one of `QR_CODE`.  A boolean that specifies the border visibility.
- `show_password_requirements` (Boolean) Optional when the `type` is one of `PASSWORD`, `PASSWORD_VERIFY`.  A boolean that specifies whether to display password requirements to the user.
- `size` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `RECAPTCHA_V2`.  A string that specifies the reCAPTCHA size.  Options are `COMPACT`, `NORMAL`.
- `styles` (Attributes) Optional when the `type` is one of `FLOW_BUTTON`, `FLOW_LINK`, `SUBMIT_BUTTON`.  A single object that describes style settings for the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--fields--styles))
- `theme` (String) **Required** when the `type` is one of `RECAPTCHA_V2`.  A string that specifies the reCAPTCHA theme.  Options are `DARK`, `LIGHT`.
- `validation` (Attributes) **Required** when the `type` is one of `TEXT`.  An object containing validation data for the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--fields--validation))

Read-Only:

- `other_option_attribute_disabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the directory attribute option is disabled. Set to `true` if it references a PingOne directory attribute.
- `other_option_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the end user can type an entry that is not in a predefined list.
- `other_option_input_label` (String) A string that specifies the label for the other option in drop-down controls.
- `other_option_key` (String) A string that specifies whether the form identifies that the choice is a custom choice not from a predefined list.
- `other_option_label` (String) A string that specifies the label for a custom or "other" choice in a list.

<a id="nestedatt--components--fields--position"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.fields.position`

Required:

- `col` (Number) An integer that specifies the column position of the form field in the form  (min = `0`; max = `3`).
- `row` (Number) An integer that specifies the row position of the form field in the form (maximum number is `50`).

Optional:

- `width` (Number) An integer that specifies the width of the form field in the form (in percentage).


<a id="nestedatt--components--fields--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.fields.options`

Required:

- `label` (String) A string that specifies the option's label in the form field that is shown to the end user.
- `value` (String) A string that specifies the option's value in the form field that is posted as form data.


<a id="nestedatt--components--fields--styles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.fields.styles`

Optional:

- `alignment` (String) A string that specifies the button alignment.  Options are `CENTER`, `LEFT`, `RIGHT`.
- `background_color` (String) A string that specifies the button background color. The value must be a valid hexadecimal color.
- `border_color` (String) A string that specifies the button border color. The value must be a valid hexadecimal color.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the button is enabled.
- `height` (Number) An integer that specifies a custom height of the field (in pixels) when displayed in the form.
- `padding` (Attributes) A single object that specifies custom padding styles for the field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components--fields--styles--padding))
- `text_color` (String) A string that specifies the button text color. The value must be a valid hexadecimal color.
- `width` (Number) An integer that specifies the button width. Set as a percentage.
- `width_unit` (String) A string that specifies the unit to apply to the `width` parameter.  Options are `PERCENT`, `PIXELS`.

<a id="nestedatt--components--fields--styles--padding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.fields.styles.width_unit`

Optional:

- `bottom` (Number) An integer that specifies the bottom padding (in pixels) to apply to the field.
- `left` (Number) An integer that specifies the left padding (in pixels) to apply to the field.
- `right` (Number) An integer that specifies the right padding (in pixels) to apply to the field.
- `top` (Number) An integer that specifies the top padding (in pixels) to apply to the field.



<a id="nestedatt--components--fields--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components.fields.validation`

Required:

- `type` (String) A string that specifies the validation type.  Options are `CUSTOM`, `NONE`.

Optional:

- `error_message` (String) A string that specifies the error message to be displayed when the field validation fails.  When configuring this parameter, the `regex` parameter is required.
- `regex` (String) A string that specifies a validation regular expression. The expression must be a valid regular expression string. This is a required property when the validation type is `CUSTOM`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_form.example <environment_id>/<form_id>
```
