---
page_title: "pingone_identity_provider Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage Identity Providers in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_identity_provider (Resource)

Resource to create and manage Identity Providers in a PingOne environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider" "facebook" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name    = "Facebook"
  enabled = true

  facebook = {
    app_id     = var.facebook_app_id
    app_secret = var.facebook_app_secret
  }
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider" "google" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name    = "Google"
  enabled = true

  google = {
    client_id     = var.google_client_id
    client_secret = var.google_client_secret
  }
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider" "apple" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name    = "Apple"
  enabled = true

  apple = {
    client_id                 = var.apple_client_id
    client_secret_signing_key = var.apple_client_secret_signing_key
    key_id                    = var.apple_key_id
    team_id                   = var.apple_team_id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the identity provider in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the identity provider.

### Optional

- `amazon` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Amazon social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--amazon))
- `apple` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Apple social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apple))
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the identity provider.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the identity provider is enabled in the environment.  Defaults to `false`.
- `facebook` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Facebook social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--facebook))
- `github` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Github social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github))
- `google` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Google social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--google))
- `icon` (Attributes) A single object that specifies the HREF and ID for the identity provider icon. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon))
- `linkedin` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the LinkedIn social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--linkedin))
- `login_button_icon` (Attributes) A single object that specifies the HREF and ID for the identity provider icon to use in the login button. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_button_icon))
- `microsoft` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Microsoft social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--microsoft))
- `openid_connect` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to an OpenID Connect compliant identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--openid_connect))
- `paypal` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Paypal social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--paypal))
- `registration_population_id` (String) A string that specifies the population ID to create users in, when using just-in-time provisioning. Setting this attribute gives management of linked users to the IdP and also triggers just-in-time provisioning of new users to the population ID provided.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.
- `saml` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to a SAML 2.0 compliant identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml))
- `twitter` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Twitter social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--twitter))
- `yahoo` (Attributes) A single block that specifies options for connectivity to the Yahoo social identity provider.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `facebook`, `google`, `linkedin`, `yahoo`, `amazon`, `twitter`, `apple`, `paypal`, `microsoft`, `github`, `openid_connect`, `saml`.  If this object is added or removed, a replacement plan is triggered.  Parameters within the object are subject to their own immutability rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--yahoo))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--amazon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `amazon`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from Amazon.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from Amazon.


<a id="nestedatt--apple"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apple`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application ID from Apple. This is the identifier obtained after registering a services ID in the Apple developer portal.
- `client_secret_signing_key` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the private key that is used to generate a client secret.
- `key_id` (String) A 10-character string that Apple uses to identify an authentication key.
- `team_id` (String) A 10-character string that Apple uses to identify teams.


<a id="nestedatt--facebook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `facebook`

Required:

- `app_id` (String) A string that specifies the application ID from Facebook.
- `app_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application secret from Facebook.


<a id="nestedatt--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from Github.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from Github.


<a id="nestedatt--google"></a>
### Nested Schema for `google`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from Google.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from Google.


<a id="nestedatt--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon`

Required:

- `href` (String) The URL or fully qualified path to the identity provider icon to use as the login button.  This can be retrieved from the `uploaded_image.href` parameter of the `pingone_image` resource.
- `id` (String) The ID for the identity provider icon to use as the login button.  This can be retrieved from the `id` parameter of the `pingone_image` resource.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--linkedin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `linkedin`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from LinkedIn.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from LinkedIn.


<a id="nestedatt--login_button_icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_button_icon`

Required:

- `href` (String) The URL or fully qualified path to the identity provider icon to use as the login button.  This can be retrieved from the `uploaded_image.href` parameter of the `pingone_image` resource.
- `id` (String) The ID for the identity provider icon to use as the login button.  This can be retrieved from the `id` parameter of the `pingone_image` resource.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--microsoft"></a>
### Nested Schema for `microsoft`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from Microsoft.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from Microsoft.

Optional:

- `tenant_id` (String) A string that specifies the tenant ID from Microsoft Entra ID. This property is required if Entra ID is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--openid_connect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `openid_connect`

Required:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the the OIDC identity provider's authorization endpoint. This value must be a URL that uses https.
- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from the OIDC identity provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from the OIDC identity provider.
- `issuer` (String) A string that specifies the issuer to which the authentication is sent for the OIDC identity provider. This value must be a URL that uses https.
- `jwks_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the OIDC identity provider's jwks endpoint. This value must be a URL that uses https.
- `scopes` (Set of String) An array that specifies the scopes to include in the authentication request to the OIDC identity provider.
- `token_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the OIDC identity provider's token endpoint. This value must be a URL that uses https.

Optional:

- `discovery_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the OIDC identity provider's discovery endpoint. This value must be a URL that uses https.
- `pkce_method` (String) A string that specifies the method for PKCE. This value auto-populates from a discovery endpoint if the OpenID Provider includes `S256` in its `code_challenge_methods_supported` claim. The plain method is not currently supported.  Options are `NONE`, `S256`.  Defaults to `NONE`.
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (String) A string that specifies the OIDC identity provider's token endpoint authentication method.  Options are `CLIENT_SECRET_BASIC`, `CLIENT_SECRET_POST`, `NONE`.  Defaults to `CLIENT_SECRET_BASIC`.
- `userinfo_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the OIDC identity provider's userInfo endpoint. This value must be a URL that uses https.


<a id="nestedatt--paypal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paypal`

Required:

- `client_environment` (String) A string that specifies the PayPal environment.  Options are `live`, `sandbox`.
- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application ID from Paypal.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application secret from PayPal.


<a id="nestedatt--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml`

Required:

- `idp_entity_id` (String) A string that specifies the entity ID URI that is checked against the `issuerId` tag in the incoming response.
- `idp_verification` (Attributes) A single object that specifies settings for SAML IdP verification, including the list of IdP certificates used to verify the signature on the signed assertion of the identity provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml--idp_verification))
- `sp_entity_id` (String) A string that specifies the service provider's entity ID, used to look up the application.
- `sso_binding` (String) A string that specifies the binding for the authentication request.  Options are `HTTP_POST`, `HTTP_REDIRECT`.
- `sso_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the SSO endpoint for the authentication request.  This value must be a URL that uses http or https.

Optional:

- `authentication_request_signed` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the SAML authentication request will be signed when sending to the identity provider. Set this to `true` if the external IDP is included in an authentication policy to be used by applications that are accessed using a mix of default URLS and custom Domains URLs.  Defaults to `false`.
- `slo_binding` (String) A string that specifies the binding protocol to be used for the logout response.  Options are `HTTP_POST`, `HTTP_REDIRECT`.  Defaults to `HTTP_POST`.
- `slo_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the logout endpoint URL. This is an optional property. However, if a logout endpoint URL is not defined, logout actions result in an error.  This value must be a URL that uses http or https.
- `slo_response_endpoint` (String) A string that specifies the endpoint URL to submit the logout response.  If a value is not provided, the `slo_endpoint` property value is used to submit SLO response.  This value must be a URL that uses http or https.
- `slo_window` (Number) An integer that defines how long (hours) PingOne can exchange logout messages with the application, specifically a logout request from the application, since the initial request. The minimum value is `1` hour and the maximum is `24` hours.
- `sp_signing` (Attributes) A single object that specifies settings for SAML assertion signing, including the key and the signature algorithm.  Required when `authentication_request_signed` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml--sp_signing))

<a id="nestedatt--saml--idp_verification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.idp_verification`

Required:

- `certificates` (Attributes Set) An unordered list that specifies the identity provider's certificate IDs used to verify the signature on the signed assertion from the identity provider. Signing is done with a private key and verified with a public key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml--idp_verification--certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--saml--idp_verification--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.idp_verification.certificates`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the identity provider's certificate ID used to verify the signature on the signed assertion from the identity provider.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.



<a id="nestedatt--saml--sp_signing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.sp_signing`

Required:

- `key` (Attributes) A single object that specifies settings for the SAML Sp Signing key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml--sp_signing--key))

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The signing key algorithm used by PingOne. The value will depend on which key algorithm and signature algorithm you chose when creating your signing key.  Options are `SHA256withECDSA`, `SHA256withRSA`, `SHA384withECDSA`, `SHA384withRSA`, `SHA512eithEDCSA`, `SHA512withRSA`.

<a id="nestedatt--saml--sp_signing--key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.sp_signing.key`

Required:

- `id` (String) A string that specifies the service provider's signing key ID.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.




<a id="nestedatt--twitter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `twitter`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from Twitter.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from Twitter.


<a id="nestedatt--yahoo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `yahoo`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) A string that specifies the application client ID from Yahoo.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the application client secret from Yahoo.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_identity_provider.example <environment_id>/<identity_provider_id>
```
