---
page_title: "pingone_identity_provider_core_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage a core attribute mapping for identity providers configured in PingOne.
---

# pingone_identity_provider_core_attribute (Resource)

Resource to create and manage a core attribute mapping for identity providers configured in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider" "apple" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name    = "Apple"
  enabled = true

  apple {
    client_id                 = var.apple_client_id
    client_secret_signing_key = var.apple_client_secret_signing_key
    key_id                    = var.apple_key_id
    team_id                   = var.apple_team_id
  }
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider_attribute" "apple_username" {
  environment_id       = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  identity_provider_id = pingone_identity_provider.apple.id

  name  = "username"
  value = "$${providerAttributes.user.email}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the identity provider attribute in.
- `identity_provider_id` (String) The ID of the identity provider to create the attribute mapping for.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the PingOne core directory attribute.  The following are valid values: `username`.
- `value` (String) A placeholder referring to the attribute (or attributes) from the provider. Placeholders must be valid for the attributes returned by the IdP type and use the `${}` syntax (for example, `${email}`). For SAML, any placeholder is acceptable, and it is mapped against the attributes available in the SAML assertion after authentication. The `${samlAssertion.subject}` placeholder is a special reserved placeholder used to refer to the subject name ID in the SAML assertion response.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mapping_type` (String) The mapping type. Options are `CORE` (This attribute is required by the schema and cannot be removed. The name and update properties cannot be changed.) or `CUSTOM` (All user-created attributes are of this type.)
- `update` (String) Indicates whether to update the user attribute in the directory with the non-empty mapped value from the IdP. Options are `EMPTY_ONLY` (only update the user attribute if it has an empty value); `ALWAYS` (always update the user attribute value).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_identity_provider_core_attribute.example <environment_id>/<identity_provider_id>/<identity_provider_core_attribute_id>
```
