---
page_title: "pingone_identity_provider_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage an attribute mapping for identity providers configured in PingOne.
---

# pingone_identity_provider_attribute (Resource)

Resource to create and manage an attribute mapping for identity providers configured in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider" "apple" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name    = "Apple"
  enabled = true

  apple {
    client_id                 = var.apple_client_id
    client_secret_signing_key = var.apple_client_secret_signing_key
    key_id                    = var.apple_key_id
    team_id                   = var.apple_team_id
  }
}

resource "pingone_identity_provider_attribute" "apple_email" {
  environment_id       = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  identity_provider_id = pingone_identity_provider.apple.id

  name   = "email"
  update = "EMPTY_ONLY"
  value  = "$${providerAttributes.user.email}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the identity provider attribute in.
- `identity_provider_id` (String) The ID of the identity provider to create the attribute mapping for.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the PingOne directory attribute to map the Identity Provider attribute value to. The attribute must not be defined as read only from the user schema or of type `COMPLEX` based on the user schema. Examples are `email`, `name.given`.  The following attributes may not be used: `account`, `id`, `created`, `updated`, `lifecycle`, `mfaEnabled`, `enabled`, `username`.
- `update` (String) Indicates whether to update the user attribute in the directory with the non-empty mapped value from the IdP. Options are `EMPTY_ONLY` (only update the user attribute if it has an empty value); `ALWAYS` (always update the user attribute value).
- `value` (String) A placeholder referring to the attribute (or attributes) from the provider. Placeholders must be valid for the attributes returned by the IdP type and use the `${}` syntax (for example, `${email}`). For SAML, any placeholder is acceptable, and it is mapped against the attributes available in the SAML assertion after authentication. The `${samlAssertion.subject}` placeholder is a special reserved placeholder used to refer to the subject name ID in the SAML assertion response.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mapping_type` (String) The mapping type. Options are `CORE` (This attribute is required by the schema and cannot be removed. The name and update properties cannot be changed.) or `CUSTOM` (All user-created attributes are of this type.)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_identity_provider_attribute.example <environment_id>/<identity_provider_id>/<identity_provider_attribute_id>
```
