---
page_title: "pingone_key_rotation_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne key rotation policies for an environment.
---

# pingone_key_rotation_policy (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne key rotation policies for an environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_key_rotation_policy" "my_awesome_key_rotation_policy" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "My Awesome Key Rotation Policy"

  algorithm           = "RSA"
  subject_dn          = "CN=awesomeness, OU=Ping Identity, O=Ping Identity, L=, ST=, C=US"
  key_length          = 4096
  signature_algorithm = "SHA256withRSA"
  usage_type          = "SIGNING"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm this key rotation policy applies to generated key rotation policy keys.  Options are `RSA`.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to configure a key rotation policy for.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `key_length` (Number) The number of bytes of a cryptographic key this key rotation policy will apply to generated key rotation policy keys.  Options are `2048`, `3072`, `4096`, `7680`.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name displayed in the admin console.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm this key rotation policy will apply to generated key rotation policy keys.  Options are `SHA256withRSA`.
- `subject_dn` (String) The DN this key rotation policy will apply to generated key rotation policy keys. The value will be applied as both issuerDN and subjectDN because generated keys are self-signed.
- `usage_type` (String) How the key rotation policy will be used, pertaining to what operations the key rotation policy supports.  Options are `SIGNING`.

### Optional

- `rotation_period` (Number) The number of days between key rotations.  The minimum value allowed is `30` days, while the maximum value allowed is 1 day less than the value set in the `validity_period` parameter.  Defaults to `90`.
- `validity_period` (Number) Controls the "Starts At" and "Expires At" fields this key rotation policy will apply to generated key rotation policy keys.  Defaults to `365`.

### Read-Only

- `current_key_id` (String) The `kid` (key identifier) of the key rotation policy key designated as `CURRENT`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `next_key_id` (String) The `kid` (key identifier) of the key rotation policy key designated as `NEXT`.
- `rotated_at` (String) The last time the key rotation policy was rotated.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_key_rotation_policy.example <environment_id>/<key_rotation_policy_id>
```
