---
page_title: "pingone_mfa_fido_policy Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "MFA"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage MFA FIDO Policies in a PingOne Environment.
---

# pingone_mfa_fido_policy (Resource)

Resource to create and manage MFA FIDO Policies in a PingOne Environment.

!> This resource is deprecated, please use the `pingone_mfa_fido2_policy` resource going forward.  This resource is no longer configurable for environments created after 19th June 2023, nor environments that have been upgraded to use the latest FIDO2 policies. Existing environments that were created before 19th June 2023 and have not been upgraded can continue to use this resource to facilitate migration.

~> See [Upgrade MFA Policies for FIDO2 with Passkeys](../guides/upgrade-mfa-policy-for-fido2.md) for the procedure to migrate an environment to use upgraded FIDO2 policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_mfa_fido_policy" "my_awesome_fido_policy" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  name           = "My awesome FIDO policy"

  attestation_requirements = "CERTIFIED"
  resident_key_requirement = "REQUIRED"

  enforce_during_authentication = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attestation_requirements` (String) Determines whether attestation is requested from the authenticator, and whether this information is used to restrict authenticator usage. Can take one of these values: `NONE` (attestation is not requested), `AUDIT_ONLY` (Attestation is requested and the information is used for logging purposes, but the information is not used for filtering authenticators), `GLOBAL` (all entries in the MDS table can be used for authentication), `CERTIFIED` (only FIDO-certified authenticators can be used) and `SPECIFIC` (only specific authenticators can be used. Used in conjunction with allowedAuthenticators.)
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the FIDO policy in.
- `name` (String) The name to use for the FIDO policy.
- `resident_key_requirement` (String) Used to enable resident keys. Value can be `DISCOURAGED` or `REQUIRED`.

### Optional

- `allowed_authenticators` (Set of String) If `attestation_requirements` is set to `SPECIFIC`, this array is used to specify the IDs of the authenticators that you want to allow.
- `description` (String) Description of the FIDO policy.
- `enforce_during_authentication` (Boolean) This parameter is relevant only if you have set `attestation_requirements` to `SPECIFIC` in order to restrict usage to only certain authenticators. If set to `true`, the policy will be applied both during registration and during each authentication attempt. If set to `false`, the policy is applied only during registration. Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) Whether this policy shoud serve as the default FIDO policy.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_mfa_fido_policy.example <environment_id>/<mfa_fido_policy_id>
```
