---
page_title: "pingone_notification_settings Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to manage the notifications settings in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_notification_settings (Resource)

Resource to manage the notifications settings in a PingOne environment.

~> Only one `pingone_notification_settings` resource should be configured for an environment.  If multiple `pingone_notification_settings` resource definitions exist in HCL code, these are likely to conflict with each other on apply.

## Example Usage - Ping-Hosted SMTP

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_notification_settings" "my_awesome_ping_smtp_notification_settings" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  from = {
    email_address = "noreply@pingidentity.com"
  }

  reply_to = {
    email_address = "noreply@pingidentity.com"
  }
}
```

## Example Usage - Custom Twilio

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_phone_delivery_settings" "my_awesome_custom_twilio_provider" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  provider_custom_twilio = {
    auth_token = var.twilio_auth_token
    sid        = var.twilio_sid

    selected_numbers = [
      {
        number = var.my_twilio_number
        type   = "PHONE_NUMBER"
      }
    ]
  }
}

resource "pingone_notification_settings" "my_awesome_twilio_notification_settings" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  provider_fallback_chain = [
    pingone_phone_delivery_settings.my_awesome_custom_twilio_provider.id,
    "PINGONE_TWILIO",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to configure notifications settings in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `allowed_list` (Attributes Set) A set of objects that represent actors that are exempt from any delivery restrictions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_list))
- `delivery_mode` (String) A string that specifies the delivery mode that the settings apply for.  Options are `ALL`.  Defaults to `ALL`.
- `from` (Attributes) A required single block that specifies the email sender's "from" name and email address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--from))
- `provider_fallback_chain` (List of String) An ordered list of strings that which represents the execution order of different SMS/Voice providers configured for the environment. The providers and their accounts’ configurations are represented in the list by the ID of the corresponding `pingone_phone_delivery_settings` resource. The only provider which is not represented by the `pingone_phone_delivery_settings.id` value is the PingOne Twilio provider. The PingOne Twilio provider is represented by the `PINGONE_TWILIO` string. If this parameter's list is empty, an SMS or voice message will be sent using the default Ping Twilio account. Otherwise, an SMS or voice message will be sent using the first provider in the list. If the server fails to queue the message using that provider, it will use the next provider in the list to try to send the message. This process will go on until there are no more providers in the list. If the server failed to send the message using all providers, the notification status is set to `FAILED`.
- `reply_to` (Attributes) A required single block that specifies the email sender's "reply to" name and email address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reply_to))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) A string that specifies the time the resource was last updated in RFC3339 format.

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_list`

Required:

- `user_id` (String) A string that specifies the user ID to add to the allowed list.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.


<a id="nestedatt--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from`

Required:

- `email_address` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "from" email address.  Defaults to `noreply@pingidentity.com`.

Optional:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "from" name.  Defaults to `PingOne`.


<a id="nestedatt--reply_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reply_to`

Required:

- `email_address` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "reply to" email address.

Optional:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "reply to" name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_notification_settings.example <environment_id>
```
