---
page_title: "pingone_notification_settings_email Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to manage the email sender settings in a PingOne environment.
---

# pingone_notification_settings_email (Resource)

Resource to manage the email sender settings in a PingOne environment.

~> Only one `pingone_notification_settings_email` resource should be configured for an environment.  If multiple `pingone_notification_settings_email` resource definitions exist in HCL code, these are likely to conflict with each other on apply. The `pingone_notification_settings` resource should be used if using the Ping-hosted SMTP email service.

## Example Usage - SMTP

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

# Example custom SMTP server configuration
resource "pingone_notification_settings_email" "my_awesome_smtp_settings" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  host     = "smtp-example.bxretail.org"
  port     = 25
  username = var.smtp_server_username
  password = var.smtp_server_password

  from = {
    email_address = "services@bxretail.org"
    name          = "Customer Services"
  }
}
```

## Example Usage - Custom Provider

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_notification_settings_email" "my_awesome_custom_provider_settings" {
  environment_id       = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  custom_provider_name = "My Custom Email Provider"

  username = var.custom_provider_username
  password = var.custom_provider_password
  protocol = "HTTP"

  from = {
    name          = "From Services"
    email_address = "noreply@bxretail.org"
  }

  reply_to = {
    name          = "Reply To Services"
    email_address = "services@bxretail.org"
  }

  requests = [
    {
      method = "POST"
      headers = {
        "Content-Type" = "application/x-www-form-urlencoded"
        "subject" : "$${subject}"
        "reply-to" : "$${reply_to}"
        "from" : "$${from}"
      }
      body = "to=$${to}&message=$${message}"
      url  = "https://api.bxretail.org/send-email"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to configure email settings in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `from` (Attributes) A single block that specifies the email sender's "from" name and email address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--from))

### Optional

- `auth_token` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the authentication token when using a Custom Provider.
- `custom_provider_name` (String) A string to use to identify the provider.
- `host` (String) A string that specifies the organization's SMTP server.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the organization's server's password.
- `port` (Number) An integer that specifies the port used by the organization's SMTP server to send emails (default: `465`). Note that the protocol used depends upon the port specified. If you specify port `25`, `587`, or `2525`, SMTP with `STARTTLS` is used. Otherwise, `SMTPS` is used.
- `protocol` (String) A string that specifies the current protocol in use.
- `reply_to` (Attributes) A single block that specifies the email sender's "reply to" name and email address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reply_to))
- `requests` (Attributes Set) A list of objects that is used to configure the API requests sent to the custom email provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--requests))
- `username` (String) A string that specifies the organization's server's username.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provider_type` (String) A string that specifies the provider type.

<a id="nestedatt--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from`

Required:

- `email_address` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "from" email address.

Optional:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "from" name.


<a id="nestedatt--reply_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reply_to`

Required:

- `email_address` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "reply to" email address.

Optional:

- `name` (String) A string that specifies the email sender's "reply to" name.


<a id="nestedatt--requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requests`

Required:

- `method` (String) Use method to specify the type of API request the email provider requires. Valid values are `GET` and `POST`.
- `url` (String) A string that specifies the endpoint for your email provider.

Optional:

- `body` (String) Required if method is set to `POST`. Use body to provide the content of the body for the request sent to the email provider.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map of key-value pairs to specify the headers that your email provider's API expects.

Read-Only:

- `delivery_method` (String) A string that specifies the delivery method for the request.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_notification_settings_email.example <environment_id>
```
