---
page_title: "pingone_population Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage a PingOne population in an environment.
---

# pingone_population (Resource)

Resource to create and manage a PingOne population in an environment.

~> This resource cannot manage the default population of an environment.  The `pingone_population_default` resource can be used instead.

~> This resource carries data and if destroyed, could result in data loss.  Please use the `lifecycle.prevent_destroy` meta-argument ([documentation link](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#prevent_destroy)) to prevent accidental data loss.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_population" "my_population" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name        = "My awesome population"
  description = "My new population for awesome people"

  lifecycle {
    # change the `prevent_destroy` parameter value to `true` to prevent this data carrying resource from being destroyed
    prevent_destroy = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create and manage the population in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the population name, which must be provided and must be unique within an environment.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the population.
- `password_policy` (Attributes) The object reference to the password policy resource. This is an optional property. Conflicts with `password_policy_id`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_policy))
- `password_policy_id` (String, Deprecated) A string that specifies the ID of a password policy to assign to the population.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID. The "password_policy.id" attribute should be used instead of this attribute.  Conflicts with "password_policy".

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--password_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_policy`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the password policy that is used for this population. If absent, the environment's default is used. Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_population.example <environment_id>/<population_id>
```
