---
page_title: "pingone_resource Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne OAuth 2.0 custom resources.
---

# pingone_resource (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne OAuth 2.0 custom resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_resource" "my_resource" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name        = "My resource"
  description = "My new Resource"

  audience                      = "https://api.myresource.com"
  access_token_validity_seconds = 3600
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create and manage the resource in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the resource name, which must be provided and must be unique within an environment.

### Optional

- `access_token_validity_seconds` (Number) An integer that specifies the number of seconds that the access token is valid.  The minimum value is `300` seconds (5 minutes); the maximum value is `2592000` seconds (30 days).  Defaults to `3600`.
- `application_permissions_settings` (Attributes) A single object that specifies whether application permissions are added to access tokens generated by PingOne. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application_permissions_settings))
- `audience` (String) A string that specifies a URL without a fragment or `@ObjectName` and must not contain `pingone` or `pingidentity` (for example, `https://api.myresource.com`). If a URL is not specified, the resource name is used.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies a description of the resource.
- `introspect_endpoint_auth_method` (String) A string that specifies the client authentication methods supported by the token endpoint.  Options are `CLIENT_SECRET_BASIC`, `CLIENT_SECRET_POST`, `NONE`.  Defaults to `CLIENT_SECRET_BASIC`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of resource.  Options are `CUSTOM` (specifies the a resource that has been created by admin), `OPENID_CONNECT` (specifies the built-in platform resource for OpenID Connect), `PINGONE_API` (specifies the built-in platform resource for PingOne).  Only the `CUSTOM` resource type can be created. `OPENID_CONNECT` specifies the built-in platform resource for OpenID Connect. `PINGONE_API` specifies the built-in platform resource for PingOne.

<a id="nestedatt--application_permissions_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_permissions_settings`

Optional:

- `claim_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean setting to enable application permission claims in the access token.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_resource.example <environment_id>/<resource_id>
```
