---
page_title: "pingone_resource_secret Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to generate and read an resource secret for an administrator defined resource configured in PingOne.
---

# pingone_resource_secret (Resource)

Resource to generate and read an resource secret for an administrator defined resource configured in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_resource" "my_awesome_resource" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name        = "My awesome resource"
  description = "My new Resource"

  audience                      = "https://api.myresource.com"
  access_token_validity_seconds = 3600
}

resource "time_rotating" "resource_secret_rotation" {
  rotation_days = 30
}

resource "pingone_resource_secret" "foo" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id
  resource_id    = pingone_resource.my_awesome_resource.id

  regenerate_trigger_values = {
    "rotation_rfc3339" : time_rotating.resource_secret_rotation.rotation_rfc3339,
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to generate an resource secret in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the resource to generate the resource secret for. The value for `resource_id` may come from the `id` attribute of the `pingone_resource` resource or data source.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `previous` (Attributes) An object that specifies the previous secret, when it expires, and when it was last used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--previous))
- `regenerate_trigger_values` (Map of String) A meta-argument map of values that, if any values are changed, will force regeneration of the resource secret.  Adding values to and removing values from the map will not trigger a secret regeneration.  This parameter can be used to control time-based rotation using Terraform.

### Read-Only

- `secret` (String, Sensitive) An auto-generated resource client secret. Possible characters are `a-z`, `A-Z`, `0-9`, `-`, `.`, `_`, `~`. The secret has a minimum length of 64 characters per SHA-512 requirements when using the HS512 algorithm to sign ID tokens using the secret as the key..

<a id="nestedatt--previous"></a>
### Nested Schema for `previous`

Optional:

- `expires_at` (String) A timestamp that specifies how long this secret is saved (and can be used) before it expires. Supported time range is 1 minute to 30 days.

Read-Only:

- `last_used` (String) A timestamp that specifies when the previous secret was last used.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the previous resource secret. This property is returned in the response if the previous secret is not expired.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_resource_secret.example <environment_id>/<resource_id>
```
