---
page_title: "pingone_resource_scope_pingone_api Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage resource scopes for the PingOne API resource.  Predefined scopes of p1:read:user and p1:update:user can be overridden, and new scopes can be defined as subscopes in the format p1:read:user:{suffix} or p1:update:user:{suffix}.  E.g. p1:read:user:newscope or p1:update:user:newscope.
---

# pingone_resource_scope_pingone_api (Resource)

Resource to create and manage resource scopes for the PingOne API resource.  Predefined scopes of `p1:read:user` and `p1:update:user` can be overridden, and new scopes can be defined as subscopes in the format `p1:read:user:{suffix}` or `p1:update:user:{suffix}`.  E.g. `p1:read:user:newscope` or `p1:update:user:newscope`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_resource_scope_pingone_api" "override_resource_scope" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "p1:read:user"

  schema_attributes = [
    "name.given",
    "name.family",
  ]
}

resource "pingone_resource_scope_pingone_api" "my_new_resource_scope" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "p1:read:user:newscope"

  schema_attributes = [
    "name.given",
    "name.family",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the resource scope in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource scope.  Predefined scopes of `p1:read:user` and `p1:update:user` can be overridden, and new scopes can be defined as subscopes in the format `p1:read:user:{suffix}` or `p1:update:user:{suffix}`.  E.g. `p1:read:user:newscope` or `p1:update:user:newscope`

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description to apply to the resource scope.  The description can only be set when defining new scopes.
- `schema_attributes` (Set of String) A list that specifies the user schema attributes that can be read or updated for the specified PingOne access control scope. The value is an array of schema attribute paths (such as `username`, `name.given`, `shirtSize`) that the scope controls. This property is supported only for the `p1:read:user`, `p1:update:user` and `p1:read:user:{suffix}` and `p1:update:user:{suffix}` scopes. No other PingOne platform scopes allow this behavior. Any attributes not listed in the attribute array are excluded from the read or update action. The wildcard path (`*`) in the array includes all attributes and cannot be used in conjunction with any other user schema attribute paths.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne API resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_resource_scope_pingone_api.example <environment_id>/<resource_scope_id>
```
