---
page_title: "pingone_role_assignment_user Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne admin role assignments to administrator defined users.
---

# pingone_role_assignment_user (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne admin role assignments to administrator defined users.

!> The `pingone_role_assignment_user` resource is deprecated and cannot be used to create new user admin role assignments. Use the `pingone_user_role_assignment` resource instead.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment that contains the user to assign the admin role to.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `role_id` (String) The ID of an admin role to assign to the user.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `user_id` (String) The ID of an user to assign an admin role to.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `scope_application_id` (String) Limit the scope of the admin role assignment to the specified application ID.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  Some roles cannot be scoped to the application.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `scope_application_id`, `scope_organization_id`, `scope_environment_id`, `scope_population_id`.
- `scope_environment_id` (String) Limit the scope of the admin role assignment to the specified environment ID.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  Some roles cannot be scoped to the environment.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `scope_application_id`, `scope_organization_id`, `scope_environment_id`, `scope_population_id`.
- `scope_organization_id` (String) Limit the scope of the admin role assignment to the specified organization ID.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  Some roles cannot be scoped to the organization.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `scope_application_id`, `scope_organization_id`, `scope_environment_id`, `scope_population_id`.
- `scope_population_id` (String) Limit the scope of the admin role assignment to the specified population ID.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  Some roles cannot be scoped to the population.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.  Exactly one of the following must be defined: `scope_application_id`, `scope_organization_id`, `scope_environment_id`, `scope_population_id`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `read_only` (Boolean) A flag to show whether the admin role assignment is read only or can be changed.


