---
page_title: "pingone_schema_attribute Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "SSO"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne schema attributes.
---

# pingone_schema_attribute (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne schema attributes.

~> This resource carries data and if destroyed, could result in data loss.  Please use the `lifecycle.prevent_destroy` meta-argument ([documentation link](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#prevent_destroy)) to prevent accidental data loss.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_schema_attribute" "my_attribute" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name         = "myAttribute"
  display_name = "My Awesome Attribute"
  description  = "My new awesome attribute"

  type        = "STRING"
  unique      = false
  multivalued = false

  lifecycle {
    # change the `prevent_destroy` parameter value to `true` to prevent this data carrying resource from being destroyed
    prevent_destroy = false
  }
}
```

## Example Usage with Regex Validation

```terraform
resource "pingone_schema_attribute" "my_awesome_regex_attribute" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name = "awesomeRegexValidatedAttribute"
  type = "STRING"

  regex_validation = {
    pattern      = "^[a-zA-Z0-9]*$",
    requirements = "Lowercase, uppercase and numeric."

    values_pattern_should_match = [
      "Up123",
      "Down456"
    ]

    values_pattern_should_not_match = [
      "Charm123!",
      "Strange456!"
    ]
  }

  lifecycle {
    # change the `prevent_destroy` parameter value to `true` to prevent this data carrying resource from being destroyed
    prevent_destroy = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the schema attribute in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) The system name of the schema attribute.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the attribute. If provided, it must not be an empty string. Valid characters consists of any Unicode letter, mark (for example, accent or umlaut), numeric character, punctuation character, or space.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the attribute such as 'T-shirt size'. If provided, it must not be an empty string. Valid characters consist of any Unicode letter, mark (for example, accent or umlaut), numeric character, forward slash, dot, apostrophe, underscore, space, or hyphen.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the attribute is enabled.  Defaults to `true`.
- `enumerated_values` (Attributes Set) A set of one or more enumerated values for the attribute. If provided, it must not be an empty set.  Can only be set where the attribute type is `STRING` and cannot be set alongside `regex_validation`.  If the attribute has been created without enumerated values and this parameter is added later, this will trigger a replacement plan of the attribute resource.  If the attribute has been created with enumerated values that are subsequently removed, this will update without needing to replace the attribute resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enumerated_values))
- `multivalued` (Boolean) Indicates whether the attribute has multiple values or a single one. Maximum number of values stored is 1,000.  This field is immutable and cannot be changed once defined.  To protect against accidental data loss, this resource must be replaced manually (for example, by using Terraform's [plan `-replace` command option](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/plan#replace-address)).  Any data that is stored against this resource must be manually exported before the resource is removed and re-imported once the resource has been replaced.  Defaults to `false`.
- `regex_validation` (Attributes) A single object representation of the optional regular expression representation of this attribute.  Can only be set where the attribute type is `STRING` and cannot be set alongside `enumerated_values`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regex_validation))
- `type` (String) The type of the attribute.  Options are `BOOLEAN`, `COMPLEX`, `JSON`, `STRING`.  `COMPLEX` and `BOOLEAN` attributes cannot be created, but standard attributes of those types may be updated. `JSON` attributes are limited by size (total size must not exceed 16KB).  This field is immutable and cannot be changed once defined.  To protect against accidental data loss, this resource must be replaced manually (for example, by using Terraform's [plan `-replace` command option](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/plan#replace-address)).  Any data that is stored against this resource must be manually exported before the resource is removed and re-imported once the resource has been replaced.  Defaults to `STRING`.
- `unique` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the attribute must have a unique value within the PingOne environment.  This field is immutable and cannot be changed once defined.  To protect against accidental data loss, this resource must be replaced manually (for example, by using Terraform's [plan `-replace` command option](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/plan#replace-address)).  Any data that is stored against this resource must be manually exported before the resource is removed and re-imported once the resource has been replaced.  Defaults to `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ldap_attribute` (String) The unique identifier for the LDAP attribute.
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the attribute is required.
- `schema_id` (String) The ID of the schema the schema attribute is applied to.
- `schema_type` (String) The schema type of the attribute.  Options are `CORE`, `CUSTOM`, `STANDARD`.  `CORE` and `STANDARD` attributes are supplied by default. `CORE` attributes cannot be updated or deleted. `STANDARD` attributes cannot be deleted, but their mutable properties can be updated. `CUSTOM` attributes can be deleted, and their mutable properties can be updated. New attributes are created with a schema type of `CUSTOM`.

<a id="nestedatt--enumerated_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enumerated_values`

Required:

- `value` (String) A string that specifies the value of the enumerated value item. If provided, it must not be an empty string.

Optional:

- `archived` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the enumerated value is archived. Archived values cannot be added to a user, but existing archived values are preserved. This allows clients that read the schema to know all possible values of an attribute.
- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the enumerated value.


<a id="nestedatt--regex_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regex_validation`

Required:

- `pattern` (String) A string that specifies the regular expression to which the attribute must conform.
- `requirements` (String) A string that specifies a developer friendly description of the regular expression requirements.

Optional:

- `values_pattern_should_match` (Set of String) A set of one or more strings matching the regular expression.
- `values_pattern_should_not_match` (Set of String) A set of one or more strings that do not match the regular expression.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_schema_attribute.example <environment_id>/<schema_id>/<attribute_id>
```
