---
page_title: "pingone_system_application Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to manage the built-in system applications (PingOne Self-Service and PingOne Portal) in PingOne.
---

# pingone_system_application (Resource)

Resource to manage the built-in system applications (PingOne Self-Service and PingOne Portal) in PingOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_system_application" "pingone_portal" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  type    = "PING_ONE_PORTAL"
  enabled = true
}

resource "pingone_system_application" "pingone_self_service" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  type    = "PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE"
  enabled = true

  apply_default_theme         = true
  enable_default_theme_footer = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies the enabled/disabled status of the application.  Defaults to `true`.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to manage built-in system applications in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the type of system application, used as the primary identifier.  Options are `PING_ONE_PORTAL`, `PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE`.

### Optional

- `access_control_group_options` (Attributes) Group access control settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_control_group_options))
- `access_control_role_type` (String) A string that specifies the user role required to access the application. A user is an admin user if they have one or more of the following roles assigned: `Organization Admin`, `Environment Admin`, `Identity Data Admin`, or `Client Application Developer`.  Options are `ADMIN_USERS_ONLY`.
- `apply_default_theme` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether to apply the default theme to the Self-Service or PingOne Portal application.  When `type` is `PING_ONE_PORTAL`, the default is `false`.  When `type` is `PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE`, the default is `true`.
- `enable_default_theme_footer` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether to show the default theme footer on the self-service application. Applies only when the `type` is `PING_ONE_SELF_SERVICE` and `apply_default_theme` is also `true`.  Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the system application.

<a id="nestedatt--access_control_group_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_control_group_options`

Required:

- `groups` (Set of String) A set that specifies the group IDs for the groups the actor must belong to for access to the application.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the group type required to access the application.  Options are `ALL_GROUPS` (the actor must belong to all groups listed in the `groups` property), `ANY_GROUP` (the actor must belong to at least one group listed in the `groups` property).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import pingone_system_application.example <environment_id>/<application_id>
```
