---
page_title: "pingone_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-pingone"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Resource to create and manage PingOne Webhooks / Data Subscriptions.
---

# pingone_webhook (Resource)

Resource to create and manage PingOne Webhooks / Data Subscriptions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingone_environment" "my_environment" {
  # ...
}

resource "pingone_webhook" "my_webhook" {
  environment_id = pingone_environment.my_environment.id

  name    = "My webhook"
  enabled = true

  http_endpoint_url = "https://audit.bxretail.org/"
  http_endpoint_headers = {
    Authorization = "Basic usernamepassword"
  }

  format = "ACTIVITY"

  filter_options = {
    included_action_types = ["ACCOUNT.LINKED", "ACCOUNT.UNLINKED"]
  }

  payload_options = {
    maximum_payload_limit = {
      type = "EVENTS_PER_PAYLOAD"
      size = 100
    }
    payload_format = {
      format = {
        https = {
          format       = "JSON_ARRAY"
          pretty_print = true
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the environment to create the webhook in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `filter_options` (Attributes) A single object that specifies the PingOne platform event filters to be included to trigger this webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter_options))
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the webhook name.

### Optional

- `connection_details_headers` (Map of String) The headers applied to the outbound request (for example: `"Authorization": "Basic username:password"`). The purpose of these headers is to authenticate the PingOne service, ensuring that the information from PingOne is from a trusted source. Similar to `http_endpoint.headers`, but not HTTPS-specific. Requires `connection_details_url` to be set.
- `connection_details_url` (String) A string that specifies a valid a URI to which event messages are sent. Similar to `http_endpoint.url`, but not HTTPS-specific. Only one of `http_endpoint_url` or `connection_details_url` can be set.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether a created or updated webhook should be active or suspended. A suspended state (`"enabled":false`) accumulates all matched events, but these events are not delivered until the webhook becomes active again (`"enabled":true`). For suspended webhooks, events accumulate for a maximum of two weeks. Events older than two weeks are deleted. Restarted webhooks receive the saved events (up to two weeks from the restart date).  Defaults to `false`.
- `format` (String) A string that specifies one of the supported webhook formats.  Options are `ACTIVITY`, `NEWRELIC`, `SPLUNK`.
- `http_endpoint_headers` (Map of String) A map that specifies the headers applied to the outbound request (for example, `Authorization` `Basic usernamepassword`. The purpose of these headers is for the HTTPS endpoint to authenticate the PingOne service, ensuring that the information from PingOne is from a trusted source. Requires `http_endpoint_url` to be set.
- `http_endpoint_url` (String) A string that specifies a valid HTTPS URL to which event messages are sent. Only one of "http_endpoint_url" or "connection_details_url" can be set.
- `payload_options` (Attributes) A single object that specifies payload limits and formatting options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload_options))
- `protocol` (String) This can be either `HTTPS` or `TCP_IP`.  Defaults to `HTTPS`.
- `tls_client_auth_key_pair_id` (String) A string that specifies the PingOne resource ID of a key to be used for outbound mutual TLS (mTLS) authentication.  This key is used as a client credential to authenticate the webhook.  When using the `pingone_key` resource, the key must have a `usage_type` of `OUTBOUND_MTLS`.  If this property is set, `verify_tls_certificates` must be set to `true`.  Value must be a valid PingOne resource ID.
- `verify_tls_certificates` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether a certificates should be verified. If this property's value is set to `false`, then all certificates are trusted. (Setting this property's value to false introduces a security risk.).  Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--filter_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_options`

Required:

- `included_action_types` (Set of String) A non-empty list that specifies the list of action types that should be matched for the webhook.

Refer to the [PingOne API Reference - Subscription Action Types](https://apidocs.pingidentity.com/pingone/platform/v1/api/#subscription-action-types) documentation for a full list of configurable action types.

Optional:

- `included_application_ids` (Set of String) An array that specifies the list of applications (by ID) whose events are monitored by the webhook (maximum of 10 IDs in the array). If a list of applications is not provided, events are monitored for all applications in the environment.  Values must be valid PingOne resource IDs.
- `included_population_ids` (Set of String) An array that specifies the list of populations (by ID) whose events are monitored by the webhook (maximum of 10 IDs in the array). This property matches events for users in the specified populations, as opposed to events generated in which the user in one of the populations is the actor.  Values must be valid PingOne resource IDs.
- `included_tags` (Set of String) An array of tags that events must have to be monitored by the webhook. If tags are not specified, all events are monitored.  Options are `adminIdentityEvent` (Identifies the event as the action of an administrator on other administrators).
- `ip_address_exposed` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the IP address of an actor should be present in the source section of the event.  Defaults to `false`.
- `useragent_exposed` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the User-Agent HTTP header of an event should be present in the source section of the event.  Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedatt--payload_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload_options`

Optional:

- `maximum_payload_limit` (Attributes) A single object that specifies payload size limits. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload_options--maximum_payload_limit))
- `payload_format` (Attributes) A single object that specifies payload format options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload_options--payload_format))

<a id="nestedatt--payload_options--maximum_payload_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload_options.maximum_payload_limit`

Optional:

- `size` (Number) The maximum size of the payload based on `payload_options.maximum_payload_limit.type`. For `EVENTS_PER_PAYLOAD` this can be from 1 to 500 events (defaults to 500). For `KB_PER_PAYLOAD` this can be from 1 to 4096 kilobytes.
- `type` (String) The type of payload to use for limiting subscriptions.  Options are `EVENTS_PER_PAYLOAD`, `KB_PER_PAYLOAD`.


<a id="nestedatt--payload_options--payload_format"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload_options.payload_format`

Optional:

- `https` (Attributes) A single object that specifies HTTPS payload formatting settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload_options--payload_format--https))
- `tcp` (Attributes) A single object that specifies TCP payload formatting settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--payload_options--payload_format--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--payload_options--payload_format--https"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload_options.payload_format.https`

Optional:

- `format` (String) The payload format.  Options are `JSON_ARRAY`, `ND_JSON`.
- `pretty_print` (Boolean) Only applicable when `payload_options.payload_format.https.format` is `JSON_ARRAY`. Pretty-print is enabled when `true`.


<a id="nestedatt--payload_options--payload_format--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payload_options.payload_format.tcp`

Optional:

- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Applicable only when `payload_options.payload_format.tcp.format` is set to `RFC_LOGLINE`. The attributes are specified as key-value pairs.
- `format` (String) The payload format. This can be either `JSON_DOC` or `RFC_LOGLINE`.  Options are `JSON_DOC`, `RFC_LOGLINE`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
terraform import pingone_webhook.example <environment_id>/<webhook_id>
```
